iSmash Everette Ops Kick Off 
Fri, Sep 5, 2025

2:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

2:48 - Unidentified Speaker
How you doing?

2:50 - Divya Dee
Kevin, how are you? Sorry.

2:52 - Kevin Macmaster
No, you're good. And just so you're aware, too, there is two of me in the meeting.

2:59 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I had some issues with my audio on my computer. So I'm doing it on my phone. But I need to be able to screen share. So I joined on both. So if you're wondering why there's no Okay, no worries.

3:17 - Divya Dee
Is broth joining us as well?

3:20 - Kevin Macmaster
Oh, he said to you. Yeah, he's joining.

3:24 - Divya Dee
It looks like, Okay. All right.

3:27 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I'll give him a minute or two just so that way. We don't got to like, repeat anything or whatnot. But I guess in the meantime, we can ask some prelim questions. So how is the guys heavily signed you started working with Carney on the drawings and everything correct yes I think but I've had the meeting with Troy okay yeah we can we can dive into it a little later on to all kind of just so basically I have like a whole list of things I'll kind of run through that you guys can be working on that you guys can start on all that's good stuff and then at the end you know if you guys have questions about anything or if you have any questions about stuff as I'm going through it just let me know and then we can kind of go from there.



4:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Sound good?

4:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

4:23 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah so these obstacles at first they won't you know we don't really do them on like a weekly cadence just because there isn't a whole lot going on until you know hammers actually start swinging and you start building. So once you actually start you know construction and everything we'll be doing these on a bi-weekly or weekly basis depending on what we deem makes the most sense. But in between that time there are a lot of things that you can start working on, mainly in the Asana text list.

 So let me share my screen quick so you guys can look at that. Let's see. You guys can see this okay, right? So yeah, I mean basically the main thing you can start doing is starting to just work on some of these things and check them off your list. So like for example like filing the DBA you know getting these I'm assuming you probably have some of this stuff done like the year one projections in the startup class and whatnot.



5:21 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah so the year one projection we just got a excel I think I believe from you but we there wasn't anything concrete which said that this would be the projection for us and things like that.

5:34 - Kevin Macmaster
Okay yeah can you guys use Let me see here. This was the sheet, correct? Let me see.

5:43 - Divya Dee
Is this the new one?

5:46 - Kevin Macmaster
Interesting. Well, that should be a little different. Looks like this link wasn't updated, so let me put the new one in there. Interesting, it even has the new title. I wonder how that happened. Okay. So I'm going to put the link to the new one in there that should be in here.

6:13 - Unidentified Speaker
It's basically the same thing.

6:15 - Kevin Macmaster
This one just has more... Why is it not letting me highlight this? Whatever. I'll put it in the comment. But yeah, so there is a new P&L Pro Forma that you can use that's a little bit more of an outline and kind of guides you a little better. So this is what it looks like, You guys can see this, right? Yeah. Yeah. So this one is a little more robust in terms of like, you know, which package structure and pricing you're going to use.

 So this will give you a better idea of what you can expect. That other one was the older version. I mean, you can pretty much carry over exactly what you use on that one. It's pretty similar. Like you can see like this page is pretty much the same as the old one, but the outputs are different based on your pricing structure. You end up going with. And there's also an instructions page.

7:03 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
I want to see the one that we have PNL low pricing, medium pricing. Yeah.

7:08 - Kevin Macmaster
So basically there's three different pricing structures. And at the bottom here, you can see there's the assumptions, which is the same kind of format as the older one. And on the instructions page, it tells you exactly what you should be putting in each category and what you should be expecting. So it's really it kind of helps walk you through it. And then basically based on what you put into this assumptions page, like let's say you went with the low pricing structure.

 So that's already based off of those assumptions. You input the other inputtable information, which is all highlighted in yellow, and then it pumps you out a P&L, which will be on the next page.

7:49 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
And then I'll go. I think we have this one. We have this similar one, but like there wasn't any anything guidance as to like this would be our pricing strategy and stuff like that given by you guys. Yeah.

8:02 - Kevin Macmaster
So that kind of leads me into the next thing. So like deciding your sales pricing and hours. So there is a spreadsheet attached in here, which you can look at and start deciding on what you want your pricing structure to be or what you think it should be. Um, we usually let you guys come up with it first. So basically you'll download this spreadsheet here. I'll just download it so I can show you what it looks like here.

 Um, So you'll go through this. Let me just open it.

8:28 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Can you put that together so I could see it on the laptop? Okay, cool.

8:32 - Kevin Macmaster
So yeah, basically, you'll go through this, you'll put in what you want, you know, your store hours to be within certain parameters that are given over here. And then you can also see the all the other stores that are included up here. And then same thing with the pricing, you can see every other store's pricing, and you can kind of match it to what you think you would want your store's pricing to be.

 So we won't walk through it hand in hand with you for the first draft. We would let you kind of come up with what you think pricing makes sense for your market on your own. And then once you guys come up with something, you'll submit it to us and then we'll review it and give you some tips or pointers or suggestions on things we think you should change or we'll tell you if it looks all good.

9:14 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
So that's usually how we go about it. What is this starter standard mega?

9:17 - Kevin Macmaster
What are So these are all the different smash package options basically.

9:21 - Kevin Macmaster
OK, is there a description of this of each of them or no?

9:24 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
There's not, but you can pull it off like right from the website.

9:28 - Kevin Macmaster
So like if you go on the website, I'll tell you what each package is, but basically like this is the introductory package and then it slowly goes up in terms of like and you can kind of tell just by the pricing like this is this. No pun intended, but this is the starter package and then you know it goes up to like them slightly higher end and then like the most expensive. Don't be like the descriptions and stuff.

 You'd probably want to go on the website and just pull it all from there. It's all right on there. You can go to any stores because they're all the same.

10:01 - Kevin Macmaster
And then you can use that.

10:03 - Kevin Macmaster
And then you can kind of base it off of like, you know, whatever market you think based on these that already done what you think your market's most similar to. So like Everett, Seattle, I'm not sure. I would say it's probably somewhere similar to like a wake forest or like a Tampa type market, I would say. So you can kind of use that to gauge what you think makes the most sense and what you would want to charge.

 And then we can come back to you once you actually input numbers in all these categories and we can tell you like, Hey, we think this makes sense. This is good. Or, Hey, we think you're a little overpriced or, Hey, we think you're a little underpriced. And then we can kind of collaborate and go back and forth from there.

10:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

10:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Does that make sense?

10:43 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

10:44 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Okay. Cool.

10:44 - Kevin Macmaster
So yeah, that would be definitely this one I would work on and get, you know, finalized because that'll kind of lead you into making sure this is all done and everything. Correct. Um, are you guys going the SBA route? Yeah. Yeah. We will be applying for SBA as well.

11:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes. Okay.

11:01 - Kevin Macmaster
So I'm assuming that you, yeah, so you'll have to do this stuff anyway, if you haven't already. Um, so basically just as you complete these things, if there's actual physical documents that are to them you know just uploading them here so that we have them for our internal you know documentation so that we can kind of review them and help you out with them because you guys also have that Google Drive folder which you guys should know about at this point so like I just see in here yeah he gets right here so you guys have this Google Drive folder that basically has all your stuff in it so you can upload anything you want right in here and then we can have access it and you also will have access to it and all in one central location.



11:45 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
So it's a nice way to keep you guys organized as well. And this is where all the Karni consulting folks will also be updating the docs here?

11:55 - Kevin Macmaster
Yes, more often than not. In terms of what documents necessarily do you mean, like, does the Karni team, I mean, in terms of like the drawings and stuff, like they'll probably just submit those to you separately. But we'll put them in the file ourselves. But they don't really give you a very, like a lot of other documentation, unless you're talking about the contracts you signed with them and stuff like that, you'd have to upload that yourself.



12:22 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Just because that's kind of done outside of our scope. Okay. And for the contracting, would you you guys be helping us as well? Like to review it, make sure that it is?

12:34 - Kevin Macmaster
Okay, yeah. So um, I mean, the contract with them is pretty cookie cutter. But basically, once the drawings get like further along, we'll review the drawing sets alongside it, and then they'll send it over to you so you can look at it. But we'll look at them first as well to see if there's anything brand specific or brand standard that needs to be changed or updated. So we play a pretty big part in that process of getting the floor plans drawn up and corrected and perfect for an iSmash store.

 So it's not like you find your own and expect know everything.

13:06 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Before it gets to us will it go through you guys and then it'll come to us all the architectural plan and the contracts and everything or how does it work?

13:15 - Kevin Macmaster
So usually the architectural plans they kind of just send them out to all of us at once but typically we'll do like a full walkthrough with them to see if there's anything that needs to be changed from a brand's perspective and we'll just send notes back and they'll make the changes and then you guys can you know point out anything that you might have issue with or anything that you'd like to see in there.

 Because ultimately it is your store, so you guys have the final say.

13:45 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
As long as it's not anything brand specific or infringing on the brand standards or anything like that.

13:51 - Kevin Macmaster
Okay. Cool. And then let me keep going down this. So yeah, basically just going through these tasks, completing them and marking them off as you do them. That way we know where you're at, because that's the biggest thing is like we, you know, we don't talk every single day. So our biggest judge of how far along in the process you are is this Asana checklist. I mean, it's basically our direct line of communication without us having to like constantly be talking every day.

 So keeping this up to date and marking the tasks off as you do them is very important. Starting on this, I have to look and see, have you guys to phase one of the training yet?

14:29 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I think I'm almost there. Okay, cool. Yeah, and then you should have access to phase two as well.

14:35 - Kevin Macmaster
It'll be done in the same training portal. So, starting on that will help too because that'll help explain the next steps of the process so you understand, you know, what all will start happening as you go forward. Obviously, we'll be there to help describe it as well, but it's nice to have the training platform to use because then it just gives you a brief overview so you know what to expect. So you're not surprised by anything okay and then well this is a little bit now um as far as the insurance stuff goes you guys I'm pretty sure I sent out the intro to brett with our insurance to you guys a while back you guys received that right uh I don't know I don't remember that okay let me see so I'm assuming I'm pretty sure it was done let me just check for you so I'll look at that that'll be something you have to work through and right now do you know how the drawings have come along like when will they submit um that I'm not privy to right now we do have like a weekly touching call with them so I can touch base with them on Monday and see like where everything's at but as of right now I don't have like concrete update for you.



15:52 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
We just want to make sure it is within that timeline so that way everything is getting done because it looks like when we had the call with Troy they were waiting on us for something so we just want to make sure that everything is going on smoothly and in time.

16:14 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah I get that and I was expecting that if if they're being blocked or if I'm not responding they'll probably ping me at least saying asking what is your any update on it or something of that so that I can always call like any of if they have anything please feel free to give us a call any point of time.

16:34 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah I would also on your end too I mean you can reach directly out to them too because I'm pretty sure you have their phone number and like their emails so like if you have questions about it I would reach out to them them directly just so that you can keep tabs on it. That'd be the best way to do it. Cause you know, we have a bunch of other franchisees that are going through the same process. So for me to like individually keep tabs on each and every single one, you know, constantly is a little difficult.

 So usually we let the franchisees kind of police that themselves. Cause you know, at the end of the day, it is your money and I want you to be happy. So I want you to be the ones to making sure the process is going at the level you want. And then if it ends up becoming an issue, we can involved at that point but usually at this stage we try to let it be between you guys.

17:23 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Yeah it looks like there was an email and we were on vacation so we didn't see until this week so we just wanted to be sure that didn't put us behind so that's what we wanted to check in.

17:37 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah I can touch base with them but I would also shoot them an email.

17:43 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Yeah after that we did So we just wanted to make sure we are where we are supposed to be So that way we are on time.

17:53 - Kevin Macmaster
Yes, it makes sense Um, and then it looks like I did send out the insurance intro a while back.

18:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Um But I can ping it again.

18:04 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Just so you guys have it Um, yeah, that'd be helpful kevin Yes Yeah, I just pinged that again.

18:15 - Kevin Macmaster
So you guys should see that pop up. Okay. Um, okay. So yeah, I would get working on that finalizing all that stuff. Um, as far as anything else in the Asana checklist, the build out stuff, I mean, obviously you really can't make much headway on this stuff until you actually start building. So I would disregard this for now. Um, the services, I mean, you can't really, You're not going to sign up for any of this stuff right now because you're not actually open and operating, so there's no point in paying those bills yet.

 But it is nice to start looking into what the utility costs will be and what providers you're going to use for different things. Looking into what internet and phone service providers are in your area, what the pricing structures are, because there are probably a couple different ones, seeing which one gives you the best bang for your buck. Not signing any contracts or anything, but just getting these things in place so that when you actually need them you kind of already have an idea of what route you're gonna go.

 Same thing with like the waste disposal there's usually a bunch of different waste disposal companies. I know with some of the spaces sometimes the waste is controlled by the plaza so like figuring that out whether that's the case for you guys I'm not privy to but if it isn't then you might have to find your own supplier for it. So just getting those things kind of ironed out and like like I said you're not gonna sign anything but it's nice to have all of this information for when you actually need it down the line.

 And staffing obviously this you won't need to worry about for quite some time. Since you know you're not really gonna start hiring people until about a month before you actually open I wouldn't really give it too much thought at the moment but once it comes to it then we can help you out with that. Marketing stuff and then that's I mean the main things to focus on are just starting to look at these and getting these in place like the services and just you know looking into those researching them and then getting all these things squared away deciding your sales and pricing getting caught up on the training and then kind of just keeping tabs in the car and you guys and make sure that they are moving the process along because we try to do that on our end to the best of our ability but it's much more effective you know if multiple people are kind of keeping tabs on it and staying on top of it.

 Anything else questions you have on anything specifically that I didn't cover that you want more information on or We were just one question is when would the planning be done and you said you will check and When they apply do they let us know that they've applied to the city Yes, I'll give you updates on all that stuff So that's why I would reach out to them directly because they'll just contact you directly whether it's like by phone or by email they'll just they pretty much handle that whole process.

 So it's better for you to be in touch with them directly because they're more in tune with the goings-ons of like how that's progressing and where they're at in that stage. It's like we have a general understanding on our end but ultimately that is you know it does fall on them. So if you want the most up-to-date and accurate information I would just reach out to them directly and open up that line of communication.



21:30 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay perfect and I know in the last Last call, when I talked to you guys, I had asked Steven if he could share some of the contacts info of some of the franchisees who are in kind of our stage. If you guys can do that, that will help us to connect so we can talk and learn more and see how we can do it. Is that something that you guys can do that?

21:55 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I can do that. On my, my task list. Stop sharing this. Let me see. I'll get a list summed together that makes sense. Yeah.

22:07 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So we can check and see how the process is for them and how they did it. So we can also connect, because now we won't know anyone. So basically, people we know is you and Steven.

22:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, that's fair.

22:26 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So we just want to make sure we have more people in this and learn from them Yeah, that makes sense.

22:32 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I can um, I can put some together that makes sense to talk to and the ones that are the easiest to kind of Get a hold of and reach out to um And I'll talk to them first and make sure they're okay with it because some people Yeah, they're more open to it than others.

22:49 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So I'll look into that Yeah, I appreciate that kevin.

22:52 - Kevin Macmaster
Thank you Yeah, no problem.

22:53 - Kevin Macmaster
Um So yeah, pretty much just the sales and pricing, getting that done. Getting caught up on the training and then uploading any other pertinent documentation to your folder will help us out and also help you out. And then, yeah, just staying on top of the Asana checklist, staying on top of the Carney guys. You know, we do that on our end, but like I said, it's best if it's coming from multiple directions.

 And then, yeah, anything else you guys have questions on or want answers to?

23:24 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
I think that is it. Let me just look through that one more time.

23:31 - Kevin Macmaster
There was one that said like noise testing. Yep, so that one you kind of need access to the space in order to do. Are you guys, you guys are in a typical retail setting, right?

23:47 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Like do you guys have neighbors Yeah there is uh yeah there are neighbors.

23:53 - Kevin Macmaster
Okay so yeah sometimes it's good to just go in there and kind of like you know just take like an electronic or something that you find that you can break and just basically break it in there to see if you can hear it on the other side in the other businesses just to kind of do a little test to see how well or how not well the building is already soundproofed. It's always a good thing to to do. Obviously, you need like landlord approval to do that.

 But oh, we have to tell the landlord and then go do it.

24:22 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Well, you would need to have the key like you need to be able to get into the building.

24:28 - Kevin Macmaster
We have the key.

24:29 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So they did give the key to us already. Okay, so then yeah, you guys could basically go in there on your own.

24:35 - Kevin Macmaster
You know, whenever you guys want. And you can just go in there and do this. There's whole instructions I'll share my screen again. If you look on that task in Asana and click on it, there's complete instructions like step-by-step of what you should do in order to test it. If you already have the keys, you don't really need to do the whole get landlord approval since it's kind of irrelevant. But it gives you a nice step-by-step thing of what you should do to test it.

 It's really easy, it'll probably take you like five, 10 minutes, basically just go in to an area in your space that shares a wall with the spaces next door, break something, and then just see if you can hear it in the space next door, like record how loud it is. And then that way, you know, it's good information to have going forward.

25:26 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So you know how loud it'll be. Okay. If it is loud, do you guys do something for that building?

25:32 - Kevin Macmaster
Like, yes, yeah, we have ways to mitigate it if it is like an insanely loud Like, do you guys know off the top of your head what businesses are your neighbors? Like what types of businesses?

25:44 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Yeah, right next door is a bakery. It's a small, like a cafe kind of thing. And behind us, I think it's like a church. Okay. Yeah.

25:52 - Kevin Macmaster
So, I mean, when we're doing the layout also, we'll kind of put things in a way that keeps the noise away from other tenants as best as we can. So, I mean, that's our first line of management. Is just keeping the stuff that makes noise away from them. But it's good to know what the threshold is for that.

26:12 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So because I think like one small thing I don't think it will like make that much depending on where the room is going to be like if we do it in the far back. I don't think they'll hear anything and since it's just going to be one like we don't have a lot of things to go and smash right now so I don't know how effective that will be.

26:33 - Kevin Macmaster
it be for us to bring a couple other things too. Um, I would just try and do it in a place where like, it's just good to know so that you can tell things like that. Like I would say goodwill, you can probably find something or if you even just have like a spare electronic item in your house that you just don't use anymore. Um, a lot of people have like old stuff that's sitting in their houses that they don't need.

 Um, but You can also just go to goodwill and just grab like a random VCR or something They have a bunch of stuff just sit now and probably a couple dollars Yeah, I mean it's not an absolute necessity, you know I would just I like doing it because it gives you an idea of like Say we did put the smash rooms right on this wall Like how loud would it realistically be and it is a good information to have?

 Okay Any other questions about anything with this?

27:32 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
I think that is it. My main question was again just about the plan and when it is going to be sent to the city and on the timeline on that. So I think that was a major thing so that way we are not running behind. That was our main question and again about the construction like you said I think we'll also reach to them. So we're on top of it.

27:57 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I would just reach out to Troy directly and he can give you a Status update and where you're at and then just being in regular communication with them will be the best way to go about it Yeah, no. Yeah, I think we'll go ahead and do that Yeah, and then if anything comes up or you have any more questions about anything like you have my email obviously you can reach out to me whenever You know, we're here help facilitate the process so whatever you need I can uh pretty much answer almost any question you can ask me at this point that is awesome thanks kevin I appreciate it yeah no problem hope you guys have a good rest of your day and a good weekend you too bye bye