Smash District LLC - iSmash Lease Review
Thu, Jun 19, 2025

0:00 - Brian Udall
Yeah, everybody's just kind of They're pulling in.

0:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Good afternoon, Bharath and Divya.

0:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey.

0:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Good afternoon.

0:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, hi, Brian.

0:36 - Bharath Mysore
So I'm not sure who else is joining.

0:41 - Brian Udall
So we'll just give it a minute here, and then we'll get started. The objective of this call is just to go through the lease draft. And, uh, kind of explain what we're trying to do and what we're trying to accomplish. And then, if anybody has any additional comments or additions that they want me to make to the draft, make those, and then I'll get back to you. Thank you. To go to the landlord for review.

 Well we've we've got the most important people here so I think we can just get started and then if people join they can catch up. Perfect. All right so you can see Can everybody see my screen?

1:43 - Carrie Walker
Yes.

1:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:43 - Brian Udall
Yes. So we've got a couple of red lines. I'll just focus on the red line comments. If I didn't red line it, it'd look good to me. So this, just inserting the tenant entity's name, and then in this section 1.1, anywhere in this lease where the landlord is kind of reserving a right to make changes to the common area, is or make changes to the project. We're OK with them making changes. That's fine. We want them to keep the center upgraded and refreshed so that it's attractive to people.

 But what we don't want is for them to make changes that material interfere with our use or the operation of our business or our access, parking, or view of the premises. So I just excluded those things from from that provision. These provisions all looked good. Anytime when we take the space as is, I always like to include subject to latent defects because a latent defect is something that happened during construction and it's something that you, even if you went and inspected the premises, you would not be able to see it because it's either behind the walls or under the floor or it's not visible.

 And so you only know there's one if a sinkhole opens up in the floor or something, then you know you have a latent defects. If that happens, then we want the landlord to be responsible for that, not the tenant. And then this is language that was in the LOI, just basically saying that the HVAC, the electrical systems and the ADA compliant restrooms are all going to be in a good working order condition repair.



3:40 - Troy Fink
Sorry about that, guys. My connectivity issues are fixed. I can hear you now.

3:46 - Brian Udall
Sorry about that. Oh, good. Thank you, Troy.

3:50 - Troy Fink
Did I miss anything, Brian?

3:53 - Brian Udall
No, not really. Just a couple of small things. This is probably the biggest so far. You know we're accepting the the premises in as is condition and so I just like to say subject to latent defects if there's any latent defects we want the landlord to be responsible for those and then this language was in the LOI so I made sure it got into the lease. These are just cleanups the the defined term is the lease commencement date and they just had commencement date not a big deal.

 The reason I put this column except as expressly provided herein, is this word right here. It's saying that you're gonna pay base rent, an additional rent without demand, deduction, offset, abatement, or counterclaim. Well, later in this lease, I put an offset right in for you. In other words, it's a right for you. If the landlord doesn't make a repair that they're obligated to make within 30 days, then you have the right to make the repair if you want to.

 And then offset the cost against rent. I just didn't want this to undo the language that I put in later in the lease. I ran all the calculations, all the rent looks fine as agreed to in the LOI. So this is just a, in the event that the tenant makes a late payment, we wanna get just a, some kind of notice from the landlord that the payment didn't arrive, and then allow you just a short period of time to fix that before you start getting this 5% and then the interest rate late fees.

 A lot of times landlords won't agree to this because they think, well, tenant, just pay your rent on time. The reason I like to have this is because often tenants set up automatic payment, and you even know that your payment didn't arrive until after you're incurring all the late fees. And so, landlords, when they refuse to give us this language, the fallback position would be to go to them and say, okay, at least one time per year, if there's a late payment for some reason, give us a notice, we'll fix it, and then nobody has to pay any late fees.

 So, sometimes they agree to that, but we'll try it this way. First. Security deposit, if they have to use the security deposit for anything, apply it to a rent payment or to some kind of a repair or something, then they have the right to ask you to replenish the security deposit. And I'm just saying you'll replenish it within 30 days, not within 10 days. Same thing here, after of the lease term. They give themselves 120 days to return the security deposit to you.

 I'm saying that needs to be at least be 60 days. 120 days is a long time for you to have to wait for your money. I just put in a defined term for ADA since we use ADA elsewhere in in the lease. So this is one of the biggest changes, operating costs. These are the costs landlord incurs to maintain the shopping center and they pass through those costs to the tenants. I just inserted things that they cannot pass through to the tenant.

 And these are all pretty much relate to the operation of landlord zone like leasing costs, any costs that they incur in finding other tenants and leasing space to other tenants, you shouldn't be paying any of those costs. That's the landlord's business, and they should be paying that. They should be paying their own corporate overhead. So I put in a whole list of these. A lot of times landlords will accept them.

 A lot of times landlords will go through and shorten them up. And if they do that, that's fine. We'll go back through them. But I just want to make sure that you're protected from the landlord passing through costs to you, the tenant, that they shouldn't be passing through. Taxes look fine. So, Bharath and Divya, I don't know if you are aware of how operating expenses work, but the way they really work is that the landlord will estimate the operating costs for the upcoming year based on the prior years operating costs.

 And then they'll take that number, and then they'll divide it by 12. And you'll pay your proportionate share of that each month. So they'll tell you what you owe each month, and they'll add that to rent, and that's your operating costs. And then at the end of the year, they'll do what's called a true up. And they will, they will compare their estimate to the actual costs. And if you've overpaid for the year, then they'll give you a reimbursement.

 If you've underpaid compared to their estimate, then they will give you a bill for the additional costs that were underpaid. So that's how the operating expenses work. I just put in here that this was in the LOI. Didn't make it into the lease, the controllable operating expenses won't increase by more than 3% over the prior year's operating expenses. And then I put in here an audit right for you. Some reason I have it bolded.

 I don't want to bold it. So what this does, it keeps everybody honest. It gives you the right, after you receive that reconciliation statement, to go in and audit have your accountant audit the reconciliation statement and make sure that the landlord didn't pass through costs that the landlord is not supposed to pass through, all of these things up here. And then if it's discovered that the landlord overstated costs by more than 5%, then this says that the landlord has to pay for the cost of the audit.

 Again, that just keeps everybody honest, keeps the landlord from slipping things in that they're not supposed to or not allowed to. And you may never use it during the term. Some tenants never use it.

10:33 - Brian Udall
But just the fact that it's there keeps the landlord honest.

10:40 - Brian Udall
So they have your use here. That looked right. Continuous operations. So once the rent commencement date happens, in other words, you've opened for business to the public, then you have to continuously operate. You can't shut down for a month or something. You have to always be open, except for periods where there's been a fire or some other damage, and there has to be a rebuild. Or I put in periods of remodeling if you have to remodel the space, or if you close briefly to conduct inventory.

 Then they should not put you in default for closing for those types of things. Hazardous materials, just saying that if you create any hazardous materials in the premises, then you're gonna have to clean them up, you're gonna have to indemnify landlord. I just put in a reciprocal indemnification here saying that landlord represents and warrants to you that as of the date they deliver or the lease commencement date, the date of signing the lease, that the premises and the project are free from hazardous materials, asbestos, lead paint, and mold, and that if those things are ever found, then landlord will identify you and defend you from any costs or penalties that may occur because of the presence of those materials.

 This, I believe, was in the LOI that they're going to provide trash receptacles and regular service. And that you're going to have their, this is a typical ice match provision. They want their, you're going to need three dumps, because iSmash generates a little bit more trash than or waste than the typical tenant. So in other iSmash deals, I've always put this language in giving you the right to three dumpsters.



12:58 - Unidentified Speaker
This is the landlord.

13:00 - Brian Udall
Landlord has the right to access your premises for inspections or to make repairs I just put they have to give you They had 24 hours. I put 48 hours advance written notice before they can come and access your premises Pretty much anywhere in this lease where they say As long as tenant is not in default then something's going to happen I put in default beyond the applicable notice and cure period because just because there was a mistake, there was a repair that wasn't made.

 If you haven't had a notice and an opportunity to cure that, then they can't put you in default. This is saying that at the end of the lease term, you're going to surrender, you're going to remove your personal property within, I thought 72 hours was a pretty short period of time for you to remove all your things from the premises. And so I change that to 15 days after termination. Leans if during your construction anybody puts a lien on your on the property then they had you're going to get rid of the lien within 10 days.

 I moved that to 30. 10 days is going to be hard. It's a legal process that you have to go through and so I just I believe 30 days is a about the minimum amount of time that you can get liens removed. This says that on or before 30 days after the end, they had calendar quarter. I changed it to lease year. So they can request your financial statements. And then within 30 days after the end of the lease year, if they request them, then you're agreeing to provide them.

 But I didn't want you to have to provide them quarterly. I think that's unnecessary.

15:08 - Bharath Mysore
Typically, landlord asks for these financial statements because here we have a guarantee of five years. But then why is this additional thing needed? Sorry, you didn't come through very well.

15:20 - Brian Udall
Are you asking why you would have to provide them at all?

15:24 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, why I should have to provide them at all. Because we already have the guarantee term.

15:30 - Brian Udall
So landlords kind of do they do two things to kind of mean so that they can track the health of the center and track the health of their tenants. They'll either ask you for your a report of your gross sales which luckily this landlord did not ask for or they will say that on request we can ask for you to provide financial statements so that we can monitor and make sure that you're still a healthy organization.

 So that's why they do it. It's pretty typical. Most of the time, landlords in this lease, they did insist on you providing them without request. It's just an automatic thing you have to do at the end of the year. But I just I made it that they have to make a request before you have to provide them. I don't know why they kind of put it twice here. It's fine. So I just made the same change to this statement as well.

 But this is really they can require the guarantors to provide financial statements at the end of the year as well. So maintenance and repairs, these are all the things the tenant has to repair. Pretty much everything except for structural elements of the premises, the roof and the roof membrane, and the foundation's structural the landlord's obligation. Everything else is the tenants obligation. Um.

 And this is where I put that self help, right? That. Wait, that's, uh, Oh, this was the there was late latent defect language in the L O I. So I made sure that got in here.

17:46 - Troy Fink
I am. And then forgive me for any Hey guys, my name is Troy. I'm with the Kearney team. I don't think I've had the privilege to connect with you guys personally. We're the dedicated construction management support for the iSmash brand. Brian, have we got an HVAC report? I understand that this deal is being taken as is. Have we had the opportunity to do some investigation? On the condition of the space, utilities, mechanical equipment, so we could speak intelligently into a comprehensive understanding as to what the construction costs associated are going to be.



18:35 - Brian Udall
Carrie, do you have any knowledge of that?

18:41 - Carrie Walker
So we went and toured the space. But we do not, and I'm trying to go back through to see if we received any HVAC reports. I don't believe we have, but we had the age of it.

18:57 - Troy Fink
Carrie, it's more, with the same way that it's more important for you to review a contract than me, it's more important that we do an analysis of the space more so than, you know, an attorney or a broker or franchisee even. Forgive me, I don't mean to be on my heels here, but I don't know that we've done a proper assessment of the space to speak intelligently. Now, when you're taking it in as is condition, there isn't much to unpack, which is in this case, lends itself to my further appreciation of your decisiveness to move forward with this lease.

 But I would like to know the condition of the space so we can intelligently equip, forgive me, I'm not sure exactly how to say it.

20:06 - Troy Fink
Is it Bharath and Dia?

20:09 - Troy Fink
Yes.

20:11 - Brian Udall
Okay um yeah Troy I I agree I absolutely agree that there should be an HVAC inspection performed.

20:18 - Troy Fink
This is a lease this is a lease execution where this is a release for view this is an LOI so yes all right so we said we should have been tagged in previous to this discussion so we could we could get a running start speaking into it what I can do is offer me putting this towards the top of the queue. But I would like a site report and some some existing context of what it is that we're working with.

 So there's no one no one's caught off guard. I mean, taking the space and as is conditioned, may be good for negotiation, but it also creates for our clients that the greatest deal of of exposure and and guys, I by no means am I trying to scare anybody. Many, many, many great deals are taken in as is condition and when you have a construction team the way that I smashed us through Carney contracting you're gonna be in good hands no matter what condition we take the space so don't don't fret but nonetheless at least let me look at the thing so we could speak intelligently about it so you know where you're getting yourself into yeah I so are you saying Carney would do the the inspection Well, we could do some due diligence.

 I mean, inspections cost money, and we would be happy to accommodate a full inspection, but we typically have been doing inspections after we do a high-level overview through photos, floor plan, and basic general information, photos, videos, floor plan, LOI so we can see the landlord condition, HVAC report, et cetera.

22:06 - Carrie Walker
We have all the photos in the floor plans and Divya and Bharath, I'm not sure who on corporate side has reviewed that, but I know they've worked with you guys with a test fit and you guys have been communicating. I'm not sure who you guys have been speaking with on the corporate side, but

22:21 - mike c
Hey guys, Michael Carney here. So I do work on the iSmash side. We just wanted to get, so when we did the review and the budgeting and the space condition and all that kind of stuff, there are general assumptions made that that was all at initial LOI phase, so now that we're at actual lease execution and finalization of terms here, that's just something then we need to go back and revise and review, because typically what will be assumed at the initial LOI launch is that utilities, i.e.

 RTUs, mechanical distribution, sprinkler system, life safety, electrical, water, all are in good working order, as is Typically means as is, sometimes you can get as is and these things, you know, like how you have and an ADA compliant restroom is gonna need two restrooms. And then HVAC and good working condition and systems performance. That's, you know, a proper tonnage, but we need to check to see if the fresh air intake for the occupant load is actually present.

 We're doing a build right now that the existing systems themselves had zero fresh air intake. I don't even know how they got past the previous inspection, but for an assembly use, there's a requirement for fresh air per occupant. And so I think it's just important for us to do a revision on what was previously submitted as costs, now that we actually have like finalization of terms inside the lease, as opposed to initial LOI budgeting, if that makes sense.



23:53 - Brian Udall
Yeah, and I don't want to speak for Marath and Divyan, and you guys step in, if you disagree. But I think they would love to have Carney come in and do a review of the space and walk through the space and then tell them what you guys see.

24:14 - Bharath Mysore
I think, sorry to interject, Brian.

24:16 - Bharath Mysore
So what we have done earlier was just take some pictures, videos of it. We have like a floor plan. I think we have not gotten any report of HVAC or the plumbing things working and all those stuff. Whatever we did was something that we did as an amateur, like just pictures and videos, nothing more than that. All the dimensions that we took was also something that we measured ourselves. There was no plan that we took.

 So I thought corporate worked with you. I know that they worked with the budget.

24:57 - Carrie Walker
And so I thought that they worked on a floor plan with you. I know I'm not, I don't see all those conversations back and forth with the corporate, but I know that they work kind of on a rough budget with you guys was my understanding.

25:13 - mike c
I'm pulling up the corporate folder right now. Okay. I, we actually, I hold, uh, I am the senior construction manager for corporate, um, also. And this is one of the sort of wrinkles we're trying to iron out because when you launch an initial LOI, hopefully the goal is to inform the LOI, you know, thereby either getting more favorable landlord conditions or tenant improvement allowance to accommodate for non-existing landlord conditions.

 But give me one second because I'm pulling up there.

25:44 - Carrie Walker
And while you're pulling that up, I mean, as far as the HVAC goes, I just pulled up the final LOI and they're guaranteeing the HVAC. So I understand it might, you know, knowing the condition should be, would be helpful, but it does say landlord will guarantee the HVAC in good working condition and systems throughout the term and options. So they're guaranteeing the HVAC throughout the term of the lease.



26:07 - mike c
Correct. But it's, it's the existing conditions. So like when you have a change of use, say you go from a Merchantile to Assembly 3, it's a totally different So, no need to get into some of the nuance. I will...

26:21 - Carrie Walker
Well, it's supposed to be one ton per 300 square feet.

26:24 - Brian Udall
Yeah, and that's what this language is right here in the work letter.

26:28 - mike c
Right. So then it would be important to make sure that on the landlord side that's understood because if there's no HVAC report right now and nobody knows what's on the roof, I don't know how that would be. We've had that blow up in our face. And then at final lease execution, the 300 foot per ton gets scrapped and there's no fresh air intake and then all of a sudden the franchisee is holding a $60,000, $70,000 bag that they didn't assume they would be holding.

 But the review shouldn't take me really much more than a day or so. We should get a survey report. Typically, the landlords either own the maintenance on the units themselves or get submitted to them the tenant maintenance reports that the tenant has to keep monthly maintenance on anyway. So, either way, I think that it's not such a huge lift. I think it's just making sure that everybody's up to speed and on the same page since it, you know, we're we're past LOI and lease execution is lease execution and the terms are binding, right?

 So, I do have the as is floor plan. I do have a rough floor plan. And so I can work through this, Divya and Bharath. And like I said, it shouldn't take me much more than a day or so to actually get it put together. So long as we keep – as long as the as-is terms are qualified by the good working order, then that's fine. I just – we just want to make sure that it doesn't point back to as-is. The end of the day.



28:12 - Brian Udall
Yeah, that's what this exhibit D to lease landlords work. It defines that. As is is subject to landlord performing this work. Yep, so. Yeah, but I, but then it says so.

28:26 - mike c
So as long as we're qualifying, so we have the landlords to provide H back one ton per 300 square feet of floor space that should that should include the fresh air intake and then the ADA compliant restroom. It looks like there's already two there anyway. So, that's seems functional. Guarantee the HVAC in good working condition and system performance throughout the term. I think the landlord agrees to install a fire alarm system if one is requested.

 That should be there should be functional life safety period. So, whether it's fire alarm or fire sprinkler, the the safety systems should at least be in good working order since there was a previous tenant so in the line down by further landlord agrees the last sentence I would I would revise that to just say landlord agrees to provide life safety systems last sentence of first paragraph sorry landlord agrees to provide life safety systems i.e.

 Fire alarm and fire suppression in good working order as needed or if needed or however you want to sort of qualify it but we've been in circumstances where they provide the sprinkler system as is and it's not code compliant and then again we're stuck swapping out 80 pre-action heads on top of revising the whole system which it just it ends up adding costs that are not being accounted for and you know again generally people aren't even looking at these things pre-lease execution and then that's where uh franchisees or small corporate tenants get sort of caught off guard with costs um going into it so I think I added uh 88 compliant restroom and fire and life safety systems in good working order.



30:31 - Brian Udall
Is that what you're?

30:33 - mike c
Yeah you could you could purely just qualify it in that last sentence of that paragraph you could have just put it further landlord agrees to install a fire alarm system um or and or sprinkler system as requested uh and required by the city of Everett. So we're doing that right now in Florida the space the whole center doesn't have a sprinkler system and And it was generally in an as-is, and they kept telling the franchisee that it's grandfathered in and grandfathered in, and Township's like, no, it's not.

 From the assembly code, thankfully, we were able to get the counts. I believe we were able to get the counts down so that we don't have to install it. But if you have to install a new system to the center, I mean, you're talking $150,000, and where you guys are at, probably more. But yeah, so that works. Install, fire, system and or sprinkler system if one is requested and required by the city of Everett I would or other authorities having jurisdiction yeah perfect okay can you put sorry in the HVAC Can you put the fresh air intake accommodating the 300 square feet per ton clause?

 So just put one ton per 300 square feet of floor space including, you can put it inside the parentheses, sorry, including the necessary fresh air intake.

32:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

32:27 - Brian Udall
Got it. Now we were on page 13. Okay, maintenance and repairs. So there's your self-help right. If landlord fails to make a repair within 30 days after you give them notice, then you have the right but not the obligation to make the repair and offset the cost against rent. Landlords sometimes agree to this, sometimes they don't, but we'll try to get it in here. The reason I like it is because it avoids legal disputes because your only recourse if they fail to make a repair that they're obligated to make is for you to sue them and this avoids that you can go make the repair and then get reimbursed and nobody has to sue anybody.

 And here I'm just trying to say that landlord has to maintain any or tenant only has to maintain any systems that exclusively serve the premises. If they serve anything other than the premises, then that's landlord's obligation. Improvements. This is after you make the initial tenant improvements, you build the space out. If you get five years down the road and you want to add a wall or add a sink or something, then I'm trying to give you a little bit of wiggle room so you don't have to go to the landlord for for small alterations.

 So as long as it doesn't exceed the cost of $25,000, then this says that you can do it without getting landlord's permission. If it costs more than that, then you have to go get landlord's permission. And then anytime where landlord's consent is required, I always put in that they can't unreasonably withhold, condition, or delay their You can see it there too. So at the end of the term, if you've made some additional improvements, then landlord is reserving the right to ask you to remove them.

 I'm just saying that if they're going to do that, then they have to provide you notice that you're going to have to remove the alteration at the time you request permission for the alteration. That way, you might make a different decision. If they say, well, yeah, you can build this wall, but you're going to have to remove it at the end, you might say it's not worth it to me. And you can make the decision ahead of building the wall.

 The other thing this gives you the ability to do is if you know you're going to have to remove something at the end of the term, you have the ability to budget for it. And you have the ability when you're getting close to the end of the term to line up resources, contractors, whatever you have to line up to make the removal of the alteration and you're not trying to get it done in the last day of the term.

 Kind of anywhere where it says landlord can do something in their sole judgment, I always change that to reasonable. The difference between sole and reasonable is if they can act in their sole judgment, then they can do whatever they want to If they have to act reasonably, then they have to act like any other landlord would act in making a similar decision. And so it just kind of keeps them from taking extreme positions if they have to act reasonably.

 This all look good. Insurance. Landlords typically uses like the three million, so we may not be able to get these reductions in the insurance amounts, but I at least like to try because it saves you a little bit of money. Same thing here for the umbrella excess coverage. You want your insurer to to review the insurance provisions.

36:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Same thing here.

36:48 - Brian Udall
Anytime where they say, except to the extent arising from landlord's gross negligence, I like to leave it just negligence. The difference between gross negligence and negligence, gross negligence is the landlord knew that an act they were taking was likely to cause harm, but they did it anyway. Just regular negligence is they just were stupid and they made a mistake. But it's completely a mistake, no element of intent.

 So that's the difference. Again, assignment and subletting, they have that they can withhold request for a sublease or an assignment in their sole discretion. I changed that. They have to to be reasonable. They're saying that a merger, that if you transfer any more than 20% of the beneficial interest in your entity, that that's an assignment or a sublease, it's an assignment. I just increased that to 50.

 Again, reasonable attorneys fees. And then they said that if you request an assignment or a sublease, then you have to pay them for their cost of reviewing the request. And I just capped it at $1,500. I usually see $2,500. A lot of times lately, I've been seeing $5,000. So I just wanted to put a low cap in there and get them to agree to that. This is saying if you transfer. To another tenant, and the rent is higher, the rent that the new tenant is paying is higher than the rent you were paying, then they get any of that excess rent.

 I just put they get 50% of it, and you get 50% of it. Again, they're saying so long as... Their consent, and then they have this event of default. I just, again, said beyond the applicable notice and cure period. Changes are settled to a reasonable. Landlord will be entitled to, they have 6% of the remaining dollar amount of rent due. So if you request an assignment or a sublease, and they find the, sub lessor, then they want compensation of 6%.

 I put that to 3%. And the reason that I am agreeable to it is because if you don't have if you want out, and the landlord is willing to go and find a tenant for you to replace you, then I think you're, you're willing to do that. Because you want out. So this is the default provisions. If you fail to pay base rent or additional rent when due, and then I added within 10 days after tenants receipt of written notice.

 So they can't just, the day it's overdue, put you in default. They have to give you notice and give you 10 days to resolve it. And then this is, This relates to if you vacate or abandon the premises beyond the period stated. Remember there was an abandonment provision earlier in the document. I'm just saying the period, the 10-day period applies to this. They can't just put you a default. If you make a transfer, and without landlord's consent, and you don't rescind it within 15 days after landlord gives you notice, then they can put you in default.

 And this is kind of a catch-all. Any other covenant or obligation, you have 30 days after written notice to cure it before they can put you in default. Since I put in periods, for each of those defaults. This is kind of a language setting period, so I just pulled it out. These are all the things they can do to you if you are in default, kick you out, make you continue to pay rent, those kind of things.

 I always just like to say, if you exercise any of those remedies, then landlord, you agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate your damages. In other words, if you kick us out, then you can't just continue to have us pay rent forever. You have to go out and actively try to find a new tenant to stop our damages. So if they ask for a tournament agreement, in other words, landlord goes out, they get a loan, their lender wants to be in first position.

 So this language is saying that you, the tenant, you are going to subordinate your interest in the property to the new lender's interest. And we're okay with that as long as they give you an agreement not to disturb your possession, then you're okay with the lender being in first position. So that's what that agreement is. This just says that if you fail to deliver that agreement, then this is what they can do to you.

 And then they're saying that the new lender, if you put the landlord in default for a breach of the lease, you have to give the new lender notice and then the new lender has the right to a 30-day right to cure. And I just put as long as they promptly commence the cure and diligently proceed with the cure, then you'll give them that right. Established certificate, if they request one, you have 10 days, to give an established certificate that says all these things.

 I just made the waiver of consequential or punitive damages mutual. So you're each waiving that. So the only thing you can go after against each other is actual damages, not punitive damages.

43:53 - Bharath Mysore
Brian, is there anything like we share a wall with another restaurant business. If there is any damage because of that tenant, who is going to take care of it? Is it the landlord's obligation to make sure that we are covered? How does that work? Well, it would be the other tenant's obligation.

44:18 - Brian Udall
I'm sure their lease is going to be similar to your lease, and it requires them to maintain insurance and to repair any damage that's caused by them.

44:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, so this is the relocation and redevelopment rights.

44:35 - Brian Udall
Relocation gives the landlord the right to come in and give you some amount of notice and then say, we're gonna relocate you to another space in the center. Well, you don't like that because you're, Customers know where you are, they know where to find you. You don't want to create confusion by now being located in another space. And so in the initial draft, I always just delete that right. Now, sometimes landlords push back for it.

 And then what we'll do if they do is we will put in language that makes it very uncomfortable and very difficult for them to exercise the right. Um, but I'm not as concerned with iSmash as I am with other tenants, because iSmash has a fairly more complicated build-out, more expensive build-out than, uh, than, say, a Pilates studio. And so, and you also occupy a larger space, and so the likelihood of landlord coming in and relocating you is probably lower, but we still like to get rid of this provision if we, if if we possibly can.

 And if we can't, then we'll just make it more uncomfortable for them to exercise it. Same thing with the redevelopment. This is saying that if they decide they want to redevelop the center, then they can terminate your lease by giving you six months notice. Well, that doesn't really work for you because you put a lot of money into building out the space, building out your premises, and landlord having the right to just show up one day and say, OK, six months, we're going to terminate you.

 So I deleted it. If they come back and insist on it, then again, we'll build in language that makes it more difficult for them to be able to do that to you. And then we'll put in some element of they have to reimburse your unamortized tenant improvement costs. And that a lot of times is a good disincentive to keep them from coming in and redeveloping the center. These are all just definitions. Kind of the boilerplate.

 Again, right to change common areas. I just made sure it says that they can't interfere with your business or with visibility or with access. This one I just don't like, It says that tenant is a business, well, you have a business entity, then each individual signing the lease represents and warrants. Well, the whole reason why you created a business was so that you don't have personal liability. So I just put if tenant is a business entity, then tenant represents and warrants that the individual signing the lease are duly authorized.

 Bharath, are you going to be signing? Sorry, Bharath, it looks like you're on mute. Can you repeat it again? Are you going to be signing on behalf of the LLC or Where is Divya?

48:04 - Bharath Mysore
Divya is going to be signing that.

48:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, I'll change that then.

48:12 - Brian Udall
Divya, tell me your last name or spell it for me.

48:20 - Bharath Mysore
It's spelled as M-A-H-A. M-A. M as in Mary.

48:26 - Unidentified Speaker
M-A-H-A.

48:27 - Brian Udall
Oh, M-A-H-A.

48:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

48:29 - Unidentified Speaker
M-A-H-A.

48:30 - Unidentified Speaker
L-I-N-G-A-I-A-H.

48:31 - Bharath Mysore
I? A-H. A-N?

48:34 - Unidentified Speaker
A-H.

48:35 - Unidentified Speaker
A-H.

48:36 - Brian Udall
A as in alpha, H as in hos.

48:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

48:44 - Brian Udall
Is that good? Okay.

48:47 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah.

48:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

48:51 - Brian Udall
Fundamental lease provisions. I just said that if the lease is terminated due to the permit contingency. So you have 90 days to get your building permits and if you don't get it then you have the right to terminate. Just if it's terminated because of this contingency then you get a refund of your security deposit and any prepaid amounts. The rest of these looked good. So the option, you have two periods of five years each.

 So here's another one of those, provided tenant is not in default. I just put beyond the applicable notice and cure period. And then here's another one of those, landlord approved writing your signage, but they can't unreasonably withhold condition or delay their approval. Again, another cure thing.

50:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Legal description is fine.

50:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Landlords can't.

50:07 - Brian Udall
Oh, this is saying that if If you desire to remove any office furniture or equipment from your premises, you have to get their approval.

50:24 - Unidentified Speaker
I just put they can't unreasonable withhold condition or delay their approval.

50:31 - Brian Udall
So here, I'm surprised that they didn't have more stringent language with regard to noise. But here, we're just clarifying that you're not going to make any objectual noise beyond that that's allowed under the permitted use. So recognizing that you're going to be making noise, but it's going to be normal noise that's created by an iSmash business. So this is clarifying that goods and merchandise can be delivered during tenants business hours they put only at times in a matter reasonably designated by landlord well they could they could say anytime so we just want to clarify exactly what time that is again signs approval consent can't be landlord's work.

 These are the changes that we just made a little while ago.

51:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Must be approved.

51:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Tenants work.

51:46 - Brian Udall
They have to approve your drawings and they can't unreasonably withhold them. This is saying that you have to provide your initial drawings to the landlord within, they had 15 days, I put 60 days after lease execution, gives you a little bit more time to get your drawings complete before you have to submit them to the landlord for approval. That works. Okay. So this is if you fail your work, the tenant's work, then landlord after a 30-day notice can step in and complete it for you and you have to reimburse them.

 Again, another signage, it's like the third time they've said that they have to approve your signage, it's fine. This is the sign criteria. You want to provide that to your sign vendor so that they'll make sure they construct and install the sign in accordance with the landlord's rules. And then the guarantee look good. It has the, I think it has the five-year limitation on it. Let me just, yeah, right here.

 Guarantee you'll look back in the first five years. These are just the other tenants exclusive uses that your use can't violate. I looked through them, your use does not violate them. And then this is the franchisor addendum. We'll need the franchisor obviously to review the and Landlord didn't make any objectionable changes. I think that's it. Any other questions or any other comments that you want me to make sure I insert?



54:07 - Bharath Mysore
Troy and Mike, were you guys able to go those these so specifically about the dates and construction related stuff I just wanted to clarify that and you have all the necessary details to assess the construction cost construction plan and all try a mic is not here yeah it looks like he jumped off Okay.

54:44 - Brian Udall
Troy's still here.

54:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Let's follow up on the email.

54:48 - Bharath Mysore
I'll probably check with them on the email just to get a confirmation if there's anything which they need from their side. It looks like it's on. I think Mike mentioned some of them. If there's anything, let's take Oh, no, sorry, for not email, I mean.

55:12 - Brian Udall
So I'll circulate this lease back out to the group and my email back out to the group. I'll ask Troy and Mike to reconfirm that they have what they need and that they're OK with the draft. And then once you've taken a look at it and they've confirmed it, if you would confirm that you're OK with it, then, Carrie, will you send it back to the team? Absolutely. All right so I'll get this circulated out before the end of the day today.



55:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

55:47 - Brian Udall
And ask for everybody's kind of second approval and then Carrie will get it sent to the landlord.

55:56 - Bharath Mysore
Sounds good.

55:57 - Brian Udall
Thank you.

55:58 - Bharath Mysore
Thank you.

55:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Bye.