Financing Introduction
Fri, Mar 28, 2025

0:04 - Steve Phares
Hello, Bharath. Hey. Hey, how are you? I don't know if you can see me or not. How are you doing?

0:13 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm doing fine.

0:14 - Bharath Mysore
Can you hear me?

0:16 - Steve Phares
Yes, I can hear you fine. Thank you. Thanks for getting on the call. I just wanted to introduce myself. I'm Steve Phares. I've been doing mortgages commercial deals for the last 39 years. Um, I primarily worked for banks, but I, I re I retired and then kind of got bored and got back into the business. So, uh, what I do right now for you is I, um, essentially package your deal. I look over your finances.

 I request documentation and, you know, I look for three different types of loans for you. I have deep connections in the banking world, you know, being a mortgage, I was an executive for the last 25 years. I know a lot of connections in the banking industry and all those that do, you know, nationwide lending.

1:05 - Bharath Mysore
Where, where are you located? I'm in Seattle, Washington.

1:08 - Steve Phares
Okay. Yeah. We do them there too. Um, that being said, so what essentially I do is I, I package everything. I know the lenders to go to that will do for instance, like I smashed because it's a newer, uh, venture with seven and eight locations. The eighth to be opened right now. In fact, I'm doing the financing for it. Um, and you're going to find that a lot of banks will tell you, yeah, we do it, but you're going to find that a lot of them have overlays.

 Those overlays are addition to underwriting guidelines at the SBA sets up. Um, in many cases, these are all going SBA for, for a few reasons. Number one, there is no type of prepayment not only on any of these, so you can pay as much as you want, whenever you want. They're amateurized over 10 years. And in many cases, you don't have to lean your personal real estate. It all depends on your financials, how strong you are though.

 In some cases, they do ask for it. That being said, so I do look at portfolio lending, meaning that these are loans that the banks may look at from a different perspective. Um, you know, they, they'll put them on their books, many of the SBA loans that you'll do that. They're just like mortgages. They're sold on the secondary market. They're serviced by the people that we do the loans with. Um, but they, you know, they meet general guidelines.

 So the guys that I have, I smashed hookup with hooked up with are interested in doing number one startups, which mostly, yeah, you are a startup, correct? You don't have any, yeah, you don't have any open ice match locations. So you're considered a startup. And also, um, the franchises rather than new would list less than 50 locations opened up. So what you'll find is at least I can get you to the right sources.

 Um, I do charge a $2,500 fee to package your deal, but I also see it all the way through to the closing. Um, and you'll find almost everybody charges that that's exactly what the fee SBA Um, so essentially, you know, I, I wanted to get on a call and you just introduce yourself. I do have an entire email that explains a little bit more about the process. Also what items you would need, uh, and also a personal financial that you would need to complete.

 Um, as well as, you know, just looking at things like projections, which I will help you with also, uh, you know, startup templates as we get further. The one, I don't know where you stand right now, if you've found any locations or have done any LOIs, but essentially I get you prepared. And normally, you know, I want to get an LOI at least. Um, but I, I do, I do my upfront homework with the lender, telling them what I have, what your credit scores are.

 Um, I don't run credit reports, particularly I'll use eye smashes, um, which gives us a good indication. So if you have any issues on credit, let me know, but for the most part, I'll look at the iSmash, you know, preliminary reports that they pull. And then other than that, we wait for the, I do prefer to have an LOI, a final LOI, or at least, you know, implement it where we have a build-out type of budget at least done.

 And we like to be as accurate with that as possible. You know, and what we also do as a company is we manage construction. So we would, you know, we like to help you and we've helped plenty of iSmash individuals that are starting to be in front of that situation by surveying whatever you're looking at to really determine what type of improvements are needed. You know, given the fact that many, many transactions are done the wrong And what I mean by that is that these transactions are set up between you and a broker and never insult with the people that are actually doing the build out.

 You can supply a budget, but there's, there could be pitfalls like air conditioning units and the way that your lease is, you know, a structured, it may not be favorable to you. And the fact that you may need to replace air conditioners, you may need to replace electrical. There's a lot of different things that could occur. So what we try to do as a company, we manage it all, um, from the beginning all the way through the end.

 Um, but that being said, you don't have to use our services. That's not, you know, that's not a prerequisite to do the financing with me. Um, however, I think you'll find it very convenient and very knowledgeable, um, from the standpoint of, you know, the numbers that we project to you are, are certainly numbers within a degree of error, but very small, where a lot of contractors will give you a budget not seeing the property itself, and then come back to you and ask for another $50,000, $60,000 for things they didn't see.

 So there's some of the advantages of dealing with Corning. That being said, I guess I can ask you a few more questions, but do you have questions?

6:27 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, I just wanted to understand like, This is like a This is like a one time fees, right? That I pay to basically get me through the SBA process and get get me get me the financing for my business.

6:44 - Steve Phares
Am I correct?

6:45 - Bharath Mysore
Correct. Yeah. Other thing that I have is why is my video not on? OK, another thing that I was thinking about was like OK, You also mentioned that, okay, there are various restructuring, right? Do you think iSmash is going to fit in like the, there were two kind of SBA loans, I think 507 or something like that for a larger one and then a smaller one. Like how, like, do you think, do we need to go with a different method or the regular SBA loan?



7:19 - Steve Phares
Well, the 7a is everyone I've done so far for iSmash. Um, that that's up to 500,000. Once you get over that limit, I can tell you that the guidelines become a little tougher, a little tighter. Um, if you're looking at is, is the The question, because you're looking at opening several franchises, is that the idea or is it because of your cost may exceed that? Yeah, because we do worry about the cost.



7:48 - Bharath Mysore
This is our first franchise and, uh, I'm worried about the I want to understand how the loan is going to be structured.

7:58 - Steve Phares
Okay. So essentially what we look at is we'll take into consideration all costs that you incur to open the franchise. Okay. That means the franchise fee, the build-out, the architecturals, the FF&E. We always put a 10% reserve in there. That's just required by the SBA when we're doing the estimate. 10% on construction. But using us, we barely ever use that, unless you require or want special items at the end, or you find out, oh, I want to do a service bar of some sort, or just other odds and ends.

 But for the most part, as long as the design and build is agreed upon and goes that normal, we never use that 10%. Is that you know all costs including legal fees just about everything you're going to incur even my fee is calculated in your acquisition cost and from there we're looking for you to do at least a 20 investment at that point the way the loan would actually work and depending on you know where you're at a lot of times you're going to find that even if you're cost to build, like I got one right now, cost to build is $600,000.

 However, we've been able to negotiate with the landlord a $300,000 tenant allowance. So that being said, we've been able to actually, we financed and the tenant allowance is not paid till after the opening. So we went ahead and we're taking that $300,000 on ourselves. So it doesn't get included in your loan. Of the day when you open, when it gets open, the payment from the tenant allowance comes directly to us instead of going to you.

 But once again, you're not incurring that cost. So, you know, that's something that you should keenly look at is because you're going to commit to a 10-year lease or five, you know, two fives at the very minimum. And the way the loan would be structured then would be, you know, we would subtract off that 300,000, you know what I'm saying? I mean, it'd be great if a landlord said, I'll give you the money as you go.

 That's awesome. But you're going to find like in the larger, uh, companies like bricks more, um, they wait for the work to be completed before reimbursing you. Um, another keen idea that I saw that I thought was really neat, uh, but it may not be your, your best interest because is people negotiating free rent for six, 12 months. You know what I mean? Which is very advantageous. But then again, that's going to come into a play if you're worried about the upfront cost and what the percentage of that cost is going to be, that could be an issue.

 And when you're considering the equity position needed, they're going to basically look at the the entire scope of the project, because that 300,000 is real, but they look at the entire scope and they're looking for a 20% injection on that. And so I'm assuming that your worries are more about what the cost to build is going to be, because that's your highest ticket number in the whole transaction.



11:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

11:30 - Steve Phares
Am I correct in that assumption? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Do you have a property in mind already?

11:37 - Bharath Mysore
So there is one property we I mean still has to go through a lot of things. We have not even provided the LOI on it. There's no tenant allowance. It's it's just that they're going to waive us some months of rent and that is it. So but the structure is kind of OK. I don't think we would need too much too much build out in it because it's plain area. Out the walls between the rooms and stuff like that but I don't know I'm not an engineer I'm just based on the images that i've seen it looks like there is there will be lesser amount of work when compared to other sites that we looked at uh so I wanted to understand like okay worst case if it goes on the higher end how much uh how much is is that going to be for this additional like beyond 500 if you go beyond 500 000 yeah how much is that going to cost What is it that we would be looking towards?

 Well, the guidelines get a little tighter.

12:37 - Steve Phares
So depending on your profile, and that would, they would really strongly look at your liquid assets to do it. And I can tell you that I haven't done many of the 500 loans and I can inquire a little bit more from my, from the banks that I utilize to give me some insight. More clearance clear, you know, what, and what situation we would need it. Um, cause once again, I, you know, you can still do a seven a loan over 500.

 It just becomes like a mom. I know it's a mandatory lien against, um, property, um, property that you own. And, uh, they just get a little stricter with the guidelines, but to the degree of that, once again, I've, I've pretty much a majored in the, in the seven, a loan 500 and under. But, you know, I can surely navigate because I, I mean, I do commercial loans. I got one going right now for 5 million, but that's not an SBA loan.

 Um, but I can, I can surely give you the guidelines and give you some feedback on, you know, looking at that type of transaction. Are you talking about 600,000? Are you talking about something that's going to go to a million?

13:50 - Bharath Mysore
Well, that makes a difference.

13:52 - Steve Phares
I'm thinking of the worst case. Okay. Okay. And what do you think the worst case may be?

13:57 - Bharath Mysore
One, 1.5 million. Okay. I mean, I can give you some more feedback on that.

14:00 - Steve Phares
I won't be able to do that today. I actually got a friend of mine out for me down to shore to play a little golf and I just got done a golf round and I'm taking the rest of the day off, but I surely will get back to you on Monday. I, like I said, I got the, and the individuals that I speak to are decision makers. They're not, they're not, you know, your regular your CEOs of banks and, uh, head of lending situation.

 So, um, that's another unique, you know, thing that I offer is the connections that I have in this business. Um, I go right to the decision makers. I'm, I'm not, I'm not playing games with, uh, individuals that are clerks, if you know what I mean. Um, I've been in business way too long to do that. So, um, but I can, I can assure, you know, what I can do is I can circle back with you Monday, give you a little bit more guidance.

 On that I'm sorry I don't have that at my fingertips and I know that the two gentlemen I usually deal with are off right now they're off today so I will get back to you and give you a call and do some follow-up and I can actually put it in an email to you in that event too if you're interested in using me I could send you I'll shoot you the whole email just so you see what's needed gives you a it gives you a Word document explaining my process how things work.

 And just so you know, the way an SBA works in a situation like this, they normally give you six months to build out. However, you know, we're used to giving extensions as well. You know, and they're all negotiable as long as it's reasonable and common, common sense approach to it. But you're only, you only get billed on what is wrong. So, you know, in many cases, we look for the work to be done in phases in your case, if that's the amount of work that's, excuse me, needed.

 And then we would disperse funds as each phase is completed and inspected. But, you know, if you've ever done a construction loan, a construction, a permanent loan or anything like that, it's a very similar process. And what happens at the end, because there are variable costs that nobody actually knows the real hard costs, there'll be a look at the loan And then if you like, let's just say you said, you know what, I want to put a little more money down on this or, you know, Hey, can I get a little more for this?

 So we look at the whole situation and recast the loan after it's closed to adjust for all those differences. And once again, it would be like a 10 and a half year loan, meaning that, you know, for the first six months is the construction period, the interest only period. Um, and then it would convert to a 10 year term type of loan. Um, given that fact of rates on those are anywhere from 10 and a quarter, 10 and three quarters, depending on your profile.

 But once again, if you keep it under, if you keep it under 500, there's many cases you do not need to lean real estate. Um, especially when there's, is there a partnership involved here or it's just, you're doing it.

17:01 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, me and my wife.

17:02 - Steve Phares
Okay. That's perfect. Um, So that's an easy situation. And of course, uh, um, we don't have to worry about partners and things of that nature, but, uh, if you'd be so kind to let me do some followup with you and give you some further information on that. Um, and, uh, you know, because they're, most of the banks are adamant about keeping everything at seven a with iSmash, but I don't know the real reason behind that.

 So let me find out what, uh, what they're looking at, what they're looking for. In fact, I'll shoot an email. Right now after this call and I might get a response. I may not, but by Monday, I certainly will have a response for you and get back to you.

17:42 - Bharath Mysore
And what banks do you like in, in, in greater Seattle area?

17:46 - Steve Phares
Like what banks do you work with? I work with actually five different banks. So I'm going to lean out to five different ones. You know, they're not, they're not your largest, your largest institutions are the worst banks to work with because Number one, they have overlays on guidelines like Truist. Truist I work with, but I would never send an SBA loan through them. But there's other banks like Quaint Bank, Lake of the Bank.

 I mean, you're gonna find that a lot of these companies are not large, but they expertise in SBA lending.

18:26 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, I see. All right. Sounds good. I will wait for your email. I would definitely like to use your service because this is coming from iSmash. I think I would like to use your services, no doubt about it. It's just that I want to understand. I want to get clarity into like how the loan is structured and all those things.

18:45 - Steve Phares
Oh, absolutely. And I try to give you that transparency as much as I can. And, you know, I don't expect you to be a finance expert on this, but I, you know, I try to hold the whole process and coach you the whole way. If there's something like I'm very meticulous when it comes to details. So I will look at your financial. I'll compare that to the documents you give me. I'll also, I know how to read tax returns inside and out.

 Um, I'll question things and it's not to offend you in any way, but to make clarity so that when I present the situation, everything is congruent and everything is, accurate from a standpoint of no conflicting answers, things of that nature. You know what I mean? So it's a, it's a bit of a process and, but it's something that I review every document you send me. I just don't shovel these off and say, Oh, well, you know, um, I'm, I'm the kind of person that puts together a transaction along with an executive summary, along with a global, a global cashflow, along with your matrix and your projections.

 Um, because, is different in every area. So, you know, if you could be in South Carolina, I do everything across the country. So there are regional differences to the whole thing. And, you know, you and me together can go through that, those regional differences in cost, just to make your projections accurate, as well as your startup, you know, analytics, so that we know exactly what we're doing and what the costs are, and then how to term of the loans work, you know what I mean?

 Anytime that you don't understand something, please just stop me and I'll go into further explanation on a lot of it. But I'm here to help and I'm here to make... My whole key to this is to provide the best lending services I can for iSmash, of course, because I get a ton of referrals from you guys because I do operate in a different realm than most of the people in the banking world, to be honest.

 Um, I was an executive that ran hundreds of loan officers in my day with processors underwriters that worked for me. So I understand the entire process of how it, how it actually, you know, gets there and, and, and the, the proper documentation that you're looking for and why. Um, so I hope to be an asset to you that, uh, you know, you'll refer business to me and, um, I look forward to working with you.



21:15 - Bharath Mysore
OK. Thank you. Thank you very much.

21:17 - Steve Phares
You're welcome. Have a great weekend. I'll get back to you by Monday.

21:21 - Bharath Mysore
Sure. Thanks. Take care.

21:22 - Steve Phares
Bye bye.

21:30 - Steve Phares
you Bye!