iSmash Seattle Budget Review
Fri, Apr 11, 2025

0:00 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 2
I'm actually finishing up another meeting, so I'm just going to let Mike start, and then I'll join a little bit after. But I wanted to just come in here so I could let him let you guys in. OK. Um...

0:19 - Unidentified Speaker
You're welcome.

0:52 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
Hi, Steven. Hey, Divya. How are you? Pretty good. How are you?

1:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Good.

1:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Doing good.

1:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Ready for the weekend.

1:09 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
Yeah. I'll probably, once Mike gets in here, I'll have to jump I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to wait for Mike to jump off because I'm finishing up another meeting right now, but I wanted to be able to let you guys in before I before I left. So I just wait for Mike to get in Okay. Did you already look through it?

1:54 - Unidentified Speaker
You're saying the budget?

2:04 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 2
yes the budget uh I don't think so yeah I don't think I have i've seen this one but I we were actually able to reuse a lot of the of the layout so it might not be as bad as we as we thought because we just figured that there was going to be a lot a lot going on That's good to hear.

2:31 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
I'm actually gonna, I'm gonna pull it up because I wanted to see.

2:39 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I mean this was definitely a little bit of a tough one to to do because of what was already there.

2:51 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
And there is that area like behind the back that we're just not really sure what we can do with because we can't really get rid of it.

3:05 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 2
Yeah, we can't really get rid of it.

3:08 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
So we don't really know what we could do with that, but this is obviously just tentative at this point, what we're doing with this. Sure, yeah. How does the cost structure work out, Steven? Like, apparently there's some something to do with sprinkler that you get you mentioned. And Carrie was saying that we need to check with the city to see if it is OK or not.

3:35 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 2
So I think that she said that they're not going to be required because you're like you're grandfathered in to it.

3:42 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
So I I don't think it's going to be a concern.

3:46 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 2
So we don't know for sure yet but I'd say very likely we're not going to need it.

3:52 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
Let me We just get like a call really quick one second.

7:19 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
Hey guys, would it be possible to do this at 1 p.m.

7:23 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 2
your time?

7:24 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
So in like 20 minutes, if I can have something urgently come up. Okay, Bharath, will you be able to do it? Yeah, I can do it. Okay.

7:35 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 2
I apologize for the mix-up, but I can send you the recording and Michael will also send you the budget afterwards.

7:43 - Conference Room (Steven Shortino) - Speaker 1
So I will see you guys in about 20 minutes. I'll reschedule the invite. Yep. See ya. Bye.