Divya & Bharath Touchbase
Fri, Aug 15, 2025

0:00 - Kevin Macmaster
on already being at my computer by this point, but I got stuck in some traffic, so.

0:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi, Kevin.

0:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi, Steven.

0:08 - Divya
Hey, howdy, howdy. How are you guys doing?

0:11 - Divya
Not too bad. Like I said, I did get stuck in some traffic, but we're good.

0:17 - Kevin Macmaster
Steven, you left at the right time.

0:26 - Divya
Are you guys ready for the weekend?

0:29 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I mean, for us, I feel like they all kind of start to mesh together. I didn't ask what exactly you wanted to go over or anything, but I guess if you want to kick it off, let us know what you want to cover and whatnot, we can go from there.

0:48 - Divya
Yeah, I wanted to go over the Asana Checklist Was there something specific or No, it just in general like a couple. I don't think I knew so I wanted to see and know how to use this and If I need any help how to ask for it and how to mark it Like I already see a check mark on few of them. Do I have to still? Have a checkmark on them?

1:21 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, so you would have to click the checkmark next to him and then it will show up green.

1:29 - Divya
OK, so it has to turn green because I already see the checkmarks which were already there. So I was like, OK, what do I still need to do on this?

1:41 - Steven Shortino
Do you want me to share my screen since you can't? Right now.

1:47 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, if you want I'm about to be on my computer.

1:51 - Steven Shortino
So if you want to share your screen for the time being If the task is already checked off Then you don't have to do anything else with it. It's it's done I would just make sure that that task is done in its entirety when you look at the description and whatnot Kevin did you already do an operations? These guys or has that not happened yet?

2:16 - Kevin Macmaster
I believe that it already happened. We already had that right?

2:20 - Divya
I believe. What was discussed in that call?

2:22 - Kevin Macmaster
I'd have to look back in my calendar to see but I'm fairly certain we did one.

2:28 - Divya
Probably at that time did that and it is fine if one of us attended.

2:34 - Steven Shortino
Yeah I'll have to look back at my calendar. Going over the sales and pricing, some of the stuff on your Asana checklist. But I think that I'm happy to go through here and assign you some other things, just so you are aware of certain tasks that you can do right now. I think where you guys are really at, though, is we're working on the architectural drawings to be able to submit to the town of the city.

 There isn't really a whole lot else that can happen between now and then. I think that doing some noise testing might not be a bad idea. So I can assign that to you. Insurance, I think that we had given you our introduction to our insurance resource. This can be marked off. Permits- So when you say noise testing, what do we need to do on that? So you'll see all description of what exactly to do it.

 It's really just- Oh, I see. It's really just a gauge whether or not the noise is going to be invasive for the space next door. However, since you guys don't have a neighbor on the one side, and we're putting all the smash rooms on that side, I don't really think that you're going to have an issue. But if you're looking just for something, just peace of mind, being super safe, that might not be a bad idea to do that.

 Again, I'll just assign you all the relevant tasks in here. I think that some of these like this is probably a big one deciding what your sales pricing and hours will be for the store Going through phase two of training. I think is also a big one now that you have a signed lease Definitely want to go through that So your startup costs your year one sales projections all this stuff that you're assigned to you can start You can start doing this.

 I'm not sure if you guys I can just assign this this stuff to you to This is all unchecked. Again, this might not be to do with you specifically, but just stuff that you can have on your radar. I see, yeah. Another cool thing to do, that you can do, that we always advise, go inside the space, grab some tape, lay it down on the floor of where all the walls will go, and it really allows you to visualize how the space will look once built.

 I know you guys might have some stuff in the way, but you could still get an idea. Because when everything is, you basically put tape down where the walls will go, and it shows you the size of certain things. And it's just a better visualization for you to say, I think that that room's too small. That hallway is too large. Let's change that. That.

5:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

5:25 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, so we didn't do our ops kickoff call yet, Steven, just because I only sent the post lease signing guide out last week, a week or two.

5:38 - Steven Shortino
Okay, do you want to schedule that for early next week, then just so we can all go through this stuff?

5:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

5:48 - Kevin Macmaster
What day works?

5:50 - Kevin Macmaster
for you guys next week, Divya.

5:53 - Divya
Let me just check.

5:54 - Divya
How long do you think the call is going to be? 30 minutes max.

6:00 - Kevin Macmaster
That's all it should really take. I can do later in the day, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. If you want to email me and let me know, that's fine.

6:11 - Divya
Yeah, I will email you a couple of times and that should be fine.

6:17 - Kevin Macmaster
Okay, you can also Um, there is a calendar link right in my like email signature. You can just go on there and you can just book whatever time works for you guys.

6:27 - Divya
Um, yeah, that's perfect. Then, uh, I will connect with Barat and ask him. Okay.

6:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

6:31 - Kevin Macmaster
Cause we'll cover all the Asana checklist stuff in there. Um, I probably should have asked you what you wanted to meet for earlier today, but I think I was in the middle of a meeting, so I just kind of was like, yep, let's do it.

6:45 - Divya
It's been a while and like, uh, catching And we want to make sure we are all on target for things to get started. And we are very excited for this. And I know I also emailed Steven and asked, when should I quit my job? So that way I have the full time to focus and do things on this end, because this will be my priority going forward. But I also want to make sure my current job gets enough notice so they can find someone.



7:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Got it.

7:19 - Steven Shortino
Okay, yeah, that that sounds good. Yeah, I think that a lot of your questions about this checklist will be answered on that call. I see in front of his computer and prepared and have gone through all of this and have an agenda. So that's partially on us. We usually schedule it after you sign a lease.

7:41 - Divya
So I guess Yeah, that's harshly on us, but I think that a lot of your questions will get answered after that call Okay, yeah, I think that's perfect that's what I wanted to know because I know I was going through it and I was like Wait a minute. Did we do it? Did we how to mark this off? What needs to be done from our end? That was mainly our question and it looks like we'll just set up another call and go with it and another question I had in my head was I know for Once this set is open, how, when will we start for the next store?

 Do you think, like, is there a timeline or is there a limit for saying, you know, let this store run for a year and then be looking to the next one?

8:26 - Steven Shortino
How does that work?

8:27 - Steven Shortino
I think that you guys have 30 months after signing and it looks like you'll be open probably right around the 12 months after signing. So you probably won't have to even think about the next one until about five or six months after having the first one open. If you want to do it sooner, that's up to you, but you don't have to do it right away.

8:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

8:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

8:51 - Steven Shortino
I think the only thing on this checklist, if you want to look at before the next call is the sales pricing and hours, just so we can talk about that, because you might have questions about that. So if you want to take a peek at that, maybe just take a stab at the pricing and what you want, hours you want to be open. I think that that would be a good. Yeah.

9:16 - Divya
And can I just look at some of the stores that are already open and get some idea from there?

9:22 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, so there's a spreadsheet attached to the tasking Asana that has all the stores like hours pricing that are open all listed out on there in a nice format. So we already compiled it all for you. So you don't have to like looking at each store's page or anything like that. The spreadsheet's attached right to the task in Asana.

9:42 - Divya
Oh, I see.

9:43 - Divya
It's in the description. Is that what you're saying?

9:46 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, yep.

9:47 - Steven Shortino
It should be an Excel spreadsheet attached right to it.

9:50 - Steven Shortino
I have a pull-up right here on my screen if you want to look. So all the stores and all their pricing, all their hours are right here.

10:00 - Divya
So if you want to compare, you can do that easily. OK, perfect. That'll be easier.

10:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, absolutely.

10:06 - Divya
And I think a last question I had was, I saw on the plan, there was the new concept. So I wanted to know what that new concept was.

10:18 - Steven Shortino
That's really up to you to decide what you want to put in there. I think that that was at your guys's directive that you wanted to have an additional room for that.

10:32 - Divya
It's again, really really up to you if you want to just leave it as is for now you can wait to see how things go after you open that's fine if you want to commit to doing something that's also fine I mean it's it's totally up to you is there anything else added because I have seen a couple of emails that I know I was not into that yet where I think Kelly had some ideas and I I think they were all meeting and seeing what those news concepts were.



11:07 - Divya
Is it something like that, that we can choose from

11:11 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, those digital immersive concepts. If you go into the, I will share this again. Give me one second. There's a, in the iSmash shared documents drive, there's a folder titled new concepts. It's a, it's the third one over right here. New concepts, if you click on here, I have a spreadsheet with a lot of them. And you can go in here and see some of the things that we've been looking at. And there's, there's usually an image or video to give you an idea of what it is.

 So if you want to go through here and just see what is interesting to you, then that's fine. Like I said, we're happy to support help with anything that you want to put in there.

12:00 - Divya
Is there anything that you would recommend or seeing with other, you know, iSmash that is going well? Is there anything that is more popular than the other?

12:10 - Steven Shortino
Nobody else has any of these newer concepts at their store yet.

12:14 - Steven Shortino
There are multiple locations that are putting them in there, but they're just not open yet. I would say these two have been very popular. The Grid Game Super in the laser matrix. If you want to check those out, I would say that those have been quite popular. And you can take a look at what those are with the video links here. So yeah, feel free to browse through here. I mean, if it was up to me, I think I would probably try one of those.

 I think it doesn't seem like a bad idea. You can always change it, make it something different in the future. When you have an empty room, there's a lot that you can do with it. It.

12:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, perfect.

12:54 - Divya
I will take and where is all of this located?

12:59 - Steven Shortino
And this is the I smash share documents, Google Drive that you should have access to. And then there's a there's a folder titled new concepts here.

13:11 - Divya
I don't think I have this.

13:14 - Divya
Can I?

13:15 - Steven Shortino
Can you guys send me Yeah, I think that you might be honest it just might be with Let me just see if it might be with a different email because I have a couple different emails on file for you Yeah, let me Would you prefer we use your outlook email or the hotmail one?

13:38 - Divya
Oh the outlook because that is completely for um, I smash so I want to keep everything in one email so that will uh, I'm going to invite you guys this again just to make sure that you guys Have it.

13:55 - Steven Shortino
I just beat you to it Okay, never mind Yeah, they I just resent it you guys were on there already but I resent it so it should be at the top of your inbox Okay, perfect. Thank you Yeah, no problem Yeah, and then you you can go into new concepts one and just take a look At all of those and I mean look if there's some franchisees, they're not putting anything in there now They're just going to open and decide what they want to do later.



14:32 - Divya
That's that's also fine Okay Uh, and um, I know I said the last one was the last question. I guess I have one more Uh, I saw the october Over uh the smash con that is happening. So, uh, what do we expect in that? Um Like I know this will be our first time too and we did sign up and apply to that also Uh, can you just you know briefly let me know like what it's about and what do we expect from there?



15:02 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, it's really like the main purpose of it is networking and really getting everybody together getting all the the franchise together in one place. We're going to be doing some speaking in the corporate team. We have some guest speakers flying in that are going to speak there. We're going to have some panel discussions with franchisees. It's only a one-day event for about five or six hours worth of content.

 We're all going to be gathered in a presentation room at a hotel. There's going to be a projector slideshow and it's really just going to be a bunch of presentations and speakers and and franchisees talking. Again, the main goal of it is to network and share ideas, get everyone to meet each other. It's just something most brands do usually once a year is just have a conference because we all are remote and we almost never get the opportunity to really meet each other face-to-face.

 We should have a lot more information coming very soon just on the agenda. To expect, et cetera. OK.

16:09 - Divya
Is there any franchisee going through the same phase that we are in so we could get in touch with? Is there any franchisees that you can help us get connected to?

16:24 - Steven Shortino
Are you just talking in the phase of your phase of you haven't opened yet?

16:31 - Divya
Yeah, how to open, what to expect, what needs to be done, so things like that. So I can get a- There's a bunch of franchisees in this exact same stage.

16:43 - Steven Shortino
Did you want me to just maybe give you a list of them and you could just reach out to who you'd like,

16:51 - Divya
Yeah, just a couple. Yeah, just a couple should be fine for us. If they're in West Coast, even better. Okay. Yeah, so that way we can get in touch or- Yeah, we have our- lot in Texas, right?

17:05 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, well, we have our Phoenix group there.

17:08 - Steven Shortino
They're pretty far along. They actually should have their construction permit. Pretty soon. We have two groups in California that are submitted for permits, building permits. So maybe I could introduce you to those three. And you could reach out to them if you if you want to pick their brain.

17:26 - Divya
Yeah, I think that will help to know because here it's just me and him. I know for every little thing we have to come your way, which I know you have been probably more busier than this. So we want to make sure we are not taking too much of your time, but also for our peace of mind, just connect with you who are in this field so we can learn from them. Yeah.

17:50 - Steven Shortino
Yeah. Don't, don't ever be, uh, don't, don't ever feel bad about asking us, uh, this is what we're here for is to help you guys. So anything you guys need any questions, don't ever hesitate to reach out. But I'm also happy to connect you with those franchisees if you want to chat with them at all.

18:11 - Divya
Yeah, I think, yeah, I think that that would be helpful for us. And yeah, just to get started and see how it's going on and what needs to be done. I have a question for us now we're going to set up upon next week. Yeah. Remind the stream. Yeah. The Asana checklist on that call.

18:33 - Steven Shortino
We'll go through some specific tasks that you guys can focus on. I think really the biggest things, like I said, right now are the sales and pricing and hours, getting your guys's funding sorted, making sure that there's no delays, hiccups with that. And then the second phase of the training, I would say those are the big three right now. Seems like the floor plan is near finalized that's just going to be a matter of time until the drawings are done probably going to be a few weeks you know it does take the engineer some time to get through those but yeah those are really the main the main three and we can talk more about the specific tasks next week okay perfect yeah in my signature then that email I responded to you guys with earlier um there's in my signature there's a link to my calendar you can just book whatever time works for you.



19:27 - Kevin Macmaster
Then we'll go over all this stuff a little more in depth. Yeah, sorry, I wasn't really ready for it fully today.

19:34 - Divya
So that's my apologies. No, I didn't mention either. So I was at work and I was like, wait a minute, let me just do it. Maybe next time. I also mentioned that for the reason, but it's completely fine. And we can I will look at your calendar and set up the meeting.

19:52 - Steven Shortino
So And just so you know, too, on the marketing side of things, we're waiting for a couple of other groups to sign leases. And then what we do is we take four or five franchisees, we do an introduction to marketing call with them. So you'll be on with all of our marketing team. We'll kind of take you through the process of what we need from you, what to expect from us. You can ask any questions. I would say within two to three weeks, that'll happen.

 And then once you actually start construction, we'll be meeting every other week to just go over all the opening tasks and just make sure that you guys are on top of everything. So don't worry, we will make sure that you have what you need.

20:29 - Divya
But right now, there just isn't a huge amount going on because we're kind of just waiting for some some things to happen.

20:39 - Steven Shortino
Okay, yeah. Thank you, Steven. And thank you, Kevin. I appreciate your time. Yeah, no problem. Yeah. Guys. See you later. Bye.