Carney Contracting Intro
Fri, Mar 14, 2025

0:00 - Kevin Macmaster
Hey, hi guys. How are we doing?

0:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Good. Uh, sorry.

0:04 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
My feet. Okay. I don't have my camera today.

0:08 - Kevin Macmaster
Cause we had to, uh, leave the office because our internet was down for whatever reason. So I'm taking this remotely, but listen, we got a couple of good looking guys here.

0:22 - Troy Fink
You don't, we're good. Keep your cap off. We got plenty going on for everyone else. Yeah, you don't need me on there. I'm sorry, I'm new to the I'm kind of new to the scene. How do you pronounce your name, sir? Brought up? Are you? Where? Where are you from

0:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Originally?

0:41 - Troy Fink
May I ask? India. My wife is from Sri Lanka. So I am having we've been married for seven years. But I have still having a hard time. Intuitively disseminating a person from India and a person from Sri Lanka. Yeah.

0:59 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm waiting.

0:59 - Troy Fink
I'm waiting. I'm waiting for a franchisee who is from Sri Lanka. Not many, not many people in Sri Lanka. It's a small country.

1:10 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, well, I'm sure we'll have one soon enough to add to the mix. Yeah, so is Divya joining us? Or is it just going to be you today?

1:22 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
It's just going to be me. She's stuck in traffic. She has left her office, but apparently there's unexpected traffic today, so she's going to come in late.

1:31 - Kevin Macmaster
All right. Yeah, not a problem. I mean, this shouldn't take too long. I mean, it's a pretty generic intro. There's not really much site-specific stuff yet, since we haven't really gotten a first round yet. But yeah, so these guys are in Seattle, just so you know, Troy, where they're located at. I've kind of already given them a brief rundown of, you know, what Carney contracting offers, what they provide to the franchisees, what they can expect to receive as a result.

 Um, but you guys typically do a better job of giving a broad overview than myself, which, um, sure. So I guess I'll kind of let you do a little brief overview and then we'll ask if he has any questions about anything and then we'll go from there.

2:10 - Troy Fink
Yeah. So I'm Troy. I'm with Carney contracting. I've been with Carney since 20, 14. So we've been friends, deep relationships. And it's a it's a fine company. And what we have done is we've partnered with iSmash directly to be a construction subject matter expert. So we're, we're in effect, your your Sherpa through everything pertaining to site selection, real estate. We're not brokers, but we've read about a thousand leases thus far and many, many, many for your iSmash colleagues.

 So we are very familiar with the brand and as a part of your onboarding process as an iSmash franchisee, you have also come into the Carney contracted services. So with absolutely zero pressure for you to ultimately to use us as your builder, we are going to review your lease, we are going to make sure that your site is is appropriate that the deal is maximized that your architectural and engineering submissions and permitting are done properly we're just going to kind of hold your hand as an individual entity as an I smash franchisee to make sure that you're, you're, you're doing well, you got it, you got to kind of pass through this mandatory of selecting the site and getting this built out.

 No matter where you are, I don't think there's any eye smashes in Seattle right now. So you have to choose a place that is not an eye smash. And your goal is to turn it into one. So we're gonna be your residential experts, your in-house experts to make sure that that's done appropriately.

4:06 - Kevin Macmaster
Hi, I'm Troy. Hey, Debbie, how are you doing? Hi, Kevin. Good, how are you guys? Not bad. Looks like you got through the traffic quickly, hopefully safely as well. Yeah, Trevor's just kind of going through the run through, giving his brief little overview. But I guess, do you guys have any specific questions related to the building part or the contracting part, how that all works?

4:33 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Yes, so a couple of questions. So you get, uh, try it for site selection.

4:38 - Troy Fink
I thought there was a real estate agent who's going to come in and give us.

4:43 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I can take that if you want. So, yeah, so you'll work with locate those sources sites for you. Um, they'll actually be the ones on the ground who like source the sites basically where Karni contracting comes in is once you have a site that you like, or one that we've, you know, identified as being a potential, then they'll get brought in, you know, you'll take a bunch photos, videos of the space, you know, hopefully we'll have existing layout diagrams.

 So me and Steven will draw up a floor plan, then we'll submit that to them. And basically, they'll give you a good idea of where your budget will fall. Typically, we try to hold off on getting the budgeting part until you actually have like a space that you really want to move forward with. That way, we don't, you know, spin our tires doing like five or six different budgets. But that's basically Carney's role is to make it so that you have full transparency on what the costs associated with the build out for the specific space you're looking at will be.

 So that way, when you move forward, you know, okay, this is going to cost roughly within this range. I mean, no one's going to be able to give you an exact dollar amount and be like, this is exactly what it's going to be.

5:51 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
There's always a little bit of a contingency in there, but he'll give you a pretty accurate estimation of what you can expect going forward. Okay, I see. So the next thing is, what about the I believe you guys will take care of the permissions from the city and those kind of things as well.

6:09 - Troy Fink
Yeah, so ultimately, guys, that's going to be your contractor that's going to submit those things, but we're going to provide another layer of oversight. We've submitted thousands of permits, so we're going to make sure that we're going to do some degree of accountability for whoever it is that you choose to make sure the submissions are appropriate, that architectural plans are appropriate, so we really kind of come on alongside.

 We also offer those services. We haven't built it in Washington State, so it's very unlikely that your project would be our first one. We don't like to, you know, you always have to have the first one, so I would perhaps consider it, but we like to go to places where we've already been established and we're already familiar. Nonetheless, it's not, it, we don't have to build, we don't have to be your builder.

 We're still here to help to make sure that your builder is dotting all the I's and crossing all the T's. So iSmash is providing this service for you. So you guys are in good hands.

7:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

7:14 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So who does the negotiation with the, with the landlord, like for lease? That's good. That's going to be your broker.

7:21 - Troy Fink
Okay. I got it. So that's going to be your broker. But the thing, the problem is, is that brokers are not architects, they're not, they're not contractors. And, and we're very big fans of the locate brokerage team. And we believe that their brokers are operate with integrity, but that's asking a podiatrist to, to, to be a optometrist. It's just, they're just not their subject matter expertise. So though they're there to talk about medium incomes and how many people that are going to be at I smash live around the area and how what's the drive, how many cars are driving by your location, what they're not going to be able to do.

 As far as I know, very few brokers are also construction experts. So they're not going to be able to talk about all the different nuances about every hammer swing and every nail that goes into your place. That's what we do. So, uh, I think that, um, you guys are going to be pretty well insulated from both the real estate, the construction team.

8:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

8:24 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Thanks for clarification. Another thing is like, have you guys done built anything locally here? Any other franchise that have worked with franchises?

8:34 - Troy Fink
Yeah, we haven't built it at all in Washington state. So historically I've been in 42 states. I haven't, I have not been up to the Pacific Northwest. I'm closer than I've ever been. I've just transport, I just relocated my family from the East coast in Philadelphia to Los Angeles, but we're, we're still really zeroing in our construction where we do the construction build outs to probably, though I've been in 42 states, we're really active as general contractors in 25.

 Our relationship will likely be that we'll just be another set of eyes, your resident experts, to make sure that the people that you're hiring and the direction that you go is appropriate for you. So you're not there alone, having to also become a general contractor to make sure that your pricing is in line, et cetera, et cetera. Okay.

9:30 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Is there an option of saying, instead of going for a local contractor here, because we don't know, is there an option to say, iSmash will take that and you guys who are in that will be able to come and do it?

9:49 - Troy Fink
There's a possibility I'd have to unpack that with Kevin and with Steven. We would have to just talk about your pricing, your funding, where you choose. I think that's a variable element and I'm leaned in and I'm interested. It would depend on how many other projects that we have. So it's a fairly layered metric if we were to do so, but I will tell you this, you will not be alone. If you have to go local, you will not have to cut your teeth or figure this out.

 We're going to have your back. That's that's why we that's why we get paid the big bucks directly for my smash corporate. So we're going to make sure that you guys work with our okay. And that's our commitment to you.

10:40 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay. So are you in Seattle area or in the fifth Yeah, we were just going over some general stuff.

11:17 - Kevin Macmaster
They were just asking about the, I think the question you just asked was like the actual build part within Seattle. I think we kind of just covered that of how that'll work and the oversight of that. But I mean, did you guys have any more questions that maybe I can also help answer alongside Troy?

11:39 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah, sure. I have one more. Again, this is not on cut on, put on stone, right? Like how many months do you think it's gonna take once we select the site to have it constructed and to open a store?

11:56 - Michael Carney
So from site selection, I mean, once you select a site and I'm assuming by that we mean lease execute it. Correct. Cause that's always the fun part is finally getting to lease execution. But typically from site selection in Seattle is a bit different. And so I don't want to give a timeline and have anybody all struck, but permitting in the Seattle area can actually take quite a bit amount of time.

 So like the typical drawing period and build period drawings are typically around six weeks for completion and then build period, depending on the type of space end up picking. I mean, obviously, you could pick a vanilla box, which is a pretty straightforward all services already existing sort of space, which would obviously need less work, therefore, less timeline, but and then you have all the way up to a cold, dark shell, which doesn't have any major MEP infrastructure, like no, no bathrooms, no panel and so on.

 So typically, your build time ranges from eight to 12 weeks on the build portion, then you'll have about a week or two for punch and open, not grand opening, but just punch and getting through final closeout. So drawings, again, anywhere, I would say six week window, the wildcard is always permitting. And up there may be of the best interest to go with a local expediter. But even with that, I've seen some crazy situations where It literally is just subject to the deal itself.

 And so typically we try to quote four to six weeks for permitting in general. Again, in the San Francisco market, it's very similar to the market that you guys are in. We did a workplace interior project up there in the Bay Area and permitting took like three and a half months. And so, again, that could be the wild card is really just the permitting aspect of it. Everything else should be pretty straightforward, you know, minus any existing conditions.



14:10 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Michael, it looks like you have more to talk about the Seattle market, like it looks like you understand and you were saying, you know, it takes more. Can you talk to me a little bit more?

14:26 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Why do you think that way?

14:29 - Michael Carney
So, so Washington as a state is difficult. Actually, so the Pacific West is generally difficult timing wise for permitting and release and, for example, like, California have to go through a whole conditional use process before you can go through your building application process conditional use process could take, depending on how robust your application is. I mean that could take. Six weeks by itself, eight weeks by itself.

 Sometimes you can get your building permit aligned with or in conjunction with the conditional use process, but rarely can you. So hopefully like in that market, you find a space that's already been under that use type and it would help expedite the process. So the Pacific West, namely Oregon, Washington, and California are generally difficult. In Seattle's market directly, the timing is, I couldn't tell you because honestly, there's no difference in project type.

 It really becomes like an AHJ, Authority Having Jurisdiction, and whatever their processes and procedures are. And there are other places throughout the country that are kind of finicky with some of that stuff. Like Florida is pretty good overall as a state, but then you get into some of your, hurricane markets like Miami-Dade, Broward County, Howard County, all of those, and their processes are different in some of the southeast portions of Florida.

 Like for example, and I know it's not your market, but I'm just kind of giving you an example as to how things differ, as to why I can't tell you other than we're the United States, right? And so each state has its own ability to establish its own rules and each township and county has its own ability to establish their own rules inside the state. And so that's generally what the reason is, to be honest.

 And then how fast they're willing to commit to moving things through a process is also part of it. So I would say that it's predominantly localized what the drivers are on the permitting stuff. You could be, We've been in situations in Florida where one county abutting to another county are night and day in regards to processes and procedures. And so it's it largely is outside of our hands in that regard.

 But it's obviously important to be smart about it and get smart about it when you're going when you're preparing for submission and where you're going.

17:09 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Thank you. So for Ice Mash kind of franchise like what what if you're going with already existing permits, what kind of like, using having a restaurant converting advice, my is that going to be better versus what kind of things you should be look for if you're looking at an existing building to see if the permitting is going to make sense or not, or permitting is going to be faster or not.

17:36 - Michael Carney
So I would say definitely making sure that your use type, which I think is a three, I believe, Kevin, I think you're right. So, I think your use type being part of a use-by-right is important. So, you don't have to go for any variances in regards to your application. And then after that, I think the amount of changes you'll have to make from the existing space forward. So, how you reference, you know, like a restaurant.

 In that case, you would make, you know, probably the most amount of variations you can make in a space for an iSmash from a restaurant to an iSmash simply because there's grease traps and there's a whole different build out and expectation for what a restaurant is as opposed to what an iSmash is. I would say your most ideal space. One, the answer always is whichever one works best for the performer, obviously, but two, would be something in a vanilla box condition, which is basically a standard term for everything minus your walls and finishes.

 It already has restrooms, already has a ceiling, already has lighting, already has HVAC distribution, already has sprinkler heads, already has a larger amount of the mass distribution. Then you're just coming in and breaking it into its smaller boxes. That or, space that is, I guess you could maybe you would say like office, maybe office style, or retail finance by use. And then, and Kevin is able to reuse a greater portion of the space, and kind of apply it to an adaptive reuse.

 So, because in that respect, then most of your walls are built, and most of your distributions already broken And so then it's largely a refinish project as opposed to a demo rebuild or a complete interior build So I would say, you know again stay I would stay away from restaurants if you can I would stay away from cold dark shells unless the landlord is You know giving you an insane amount of money and therefore it works for the performer And I would say anywhere where you're getting a vanilla box or and or some adaptive reuse that all you're doing is swapping finishes out would be your your better choice.

 I see okay okay thanks thanks Michael.

20:13 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Kevin is there any update like is there a location did you guys find anything? Oh are you saying on the real estate side?

20:24 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah the real estate side. I haven't heard that anything from the local broker yet? Um, I mean, I know we did our kickoff call. I don't remember how early it was last week. Was it later? Was it last Friday? I'm sorry. I've had so many of these recently that I forgot.

20:39 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
I think it was a couple of weeks back, not last Friday, but the week before that.

20:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Yup. Yeah. Okay.

20:45 - Kevin Macmaster
So it was last, last Tuesday where we got going with Carrie. Um, so I doesn't have a full round of sites for us just yet, but I would imagine that sometime in the middle of next week, she'll probably have a full round sites for us and that you can actually start going in the locate platform and viewing them and seeing which ones you like and which ones you don't. But I would assume probably sometime next week she'll have a first round of sites for us to look at and then you know we can actually set up some site tours and go see which ones we want to see

21:14 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
and whatnot. Okay and will anyone from iSmash be here to go do the tours or is it just the broker and us doing the tour?

21:21 - Kevin Macmaster
It'll just be the broker and you guys doing the tour. The only thing we ask for you guys when you actually go on the tours is just take a lot of photos and videos of the space because it helps us with you know determining the feasibility of using it. So that's really all we ask for you guys to do for us but other than that it's just going through seeing which ones you like seeing which locations you like and then usually we'll set up a site review call with our team and the local broker and you guys so that way we can kind of just go through the sites see which ones you actually want to visit and then you know we'll have you guys do that and

21:56 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
then we'll basically just get your guys's uh feedback on what you think of them when you go and see them okay yeah that makes sense so much questions or anything guys well that's it thanks thanks try thanks michael thanks

22:14 - Troy Fink
a lot well it was nice to meet you guys yeah and hopefully we'll have more so you can come to Washington to do more projects. How about that? Thank you. Bye now. God bless you. Amen.

22:29 - Kevin Macmaster
We'll see you Friday, guys. Have a good weekend. Yeah. Bye, Kevin. Bye. Bye, guys.