Intro to Marketing Webinar
Thu, Sep 25, 2025

0:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi, guys.

0:38 - Jacquie Shortino
Hi, guys.

0:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:41 - Unidentified Speaker
How you doing?

0:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Good.

0:44 - Steven Shortino
Hello, hello.

0:46 - Steven Shortino
Hi, Steven. I think we have everybody, if I'm not mistaken. Yep, we do.

0:59 - Steven Shortino
Julie, you're on mute.

1:04 - Jacquie Shortino
Oh, whoops. You're still on mute, Julie. I don't know why you're I think your phone is messing up on your. Can you guys hear me now? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was saying what a prompt group we have.

1:26 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
I know.

1:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Amazing.

1:28 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Gold stars. Let's keep this momentum forever. Jacquie and I are both very timely people, so this stuff makes us very happy. All right, Steven, we can get started? Yeah, yeah, absolutely.

1:42 - Steven Shortino
Let's get into it.

1:43 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
All right, let's get into it.

1:45 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Okay, so Steven, why don't you kick us off and you can hand it over to me after the first few slides where you introduce us and whatnot.

1:56 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, absolutely. I know that throughout the time that have signed up until about now. We haven't really talked about marketing a whole lot, but now that you guys have a space and it's at least somewhat imminent that you'll be getting open, we want to start talking about this and thinking about it. And we are going to be with you the entire way to walk you and support you through the process. And we also have a large marketing arm in our company ourselves that things that we'll just be doing doing directly on your behalf.

 So this is really exactly what it sounds like, an introduction to the marketing that we are going to provide. And you're going to learn a lot. And we're going to be working a lot together as you guys get closer to opening. Just to go over this slide, we are in the fortunate position to have a brand that is very visually appealing. It's content that people do mind-seeing there are a lot of businesses that they try to shove it in your face and they're things injury attorneys and plumbers and car sales people it's just things that you don't really care to see but when you're scrolling through social media or you're in a mall and you see an ad of somebody breaking something you're usually pretty happy that you saw that ad and it was something that was it was fun so we are not just promoting activities we're solving a problem.

 And you guys have probably seen if you've looked at any of our social media, the website, we position ourselves as a unique high energy destination for fun and stress relief. Our sort of corporate marketing strategy is a trifecta of three main things, paid advertising. So these are going to be campaigns that we run on your behalf. We're not going to pay for those campaigns. You guys for the actual ad spend, but we will do all the setup, the management, the optimization, the results tracking.

 We have best practices. We've been running many of these ads for years. We know what works, what doesn't, what platforms are going to give you the best bang for your buck. So those are all things that we are going to walk you through and just completely handle for you. Organic social media, we are constantly posting and answering your messages, comments, all that stuff. We're creating content. We're reposting pictures from your customers.

 We're recreating trends Any kind of viral moments? We're very active on social media. That's something that we're gonna manage for you all of your pages your yelp your Google my business your facebook all of that's going to be managed and posted on by us And then as far as in-store campaigns support, we will help you out with your local marketing, your boots on the ground. We are not the experts that you guys are in your market.

 You know it a lot better than us. However, we can always help you out with things that have worked in the past with other owners. We have a huge long list of things that are inexpensive, that are low effort, that you can do to help boost traffic and awareness for your location. But I would say overall marketing is probably the number one success indicator. If you can figure out how to, if you can figure out a way to effectively market this business and get it in front of people, we know that we have a great product that people enjoy and they'll come, come out to do.

 And that's ultimately going to make your business more successful. I would, there is a direct correlation between the owners who have done better and spent more on marketing. So we can probably move to the next slide. So the team there is myself. I will be popping in and out of things marketing related. There is my mom, Jacquie, she's kind of the main spearhead when it comes to marketing related matters, all the craft design stuff, all the strategy, the campaign setup.

 Kellie is an assistant to to my mom and just helping out with a bunch of different marketing matters throughout the time you guys are on the path to opening and then Julie is our lead marketing consultant. She has been in franchising for over 10 years and And she is able to provide us and you guys with a lot of high-level strategy overview to make sure this all runs as smooth as possible. And then, Julie, did you want to take over this slide or did you want me to?



6:30 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
I can take it, Steven. I know you've been talking a lot today. First of all, I'll just say, guys, that you're so lucky that you have a CEO and founder, Steven, who's really knowledgeable, and committed to marketing. He is so involved and so helpful, shares his own best practices from Rochester, but also is always staying up to date with the current strategies, trends. So he sells himself a little short.

 He'll be popping in, but he's really very involved because as he mentioned, marketing is so important for your location. So, you know, we're really thankful to have him. And we talked a little bit about the team, but Jacquie and Kellie will be who you're talking to on a daily basis. If you guys haven't already been. She's asking you to fill out forms and to give information so that we can go ahead and start to create all the things that Steven was talking about.

 So you'll hear from me from time to time and Steven from time to time, but Jacquie and Kellie are really getting all the things done working on your behalf. And they're really the superstars of the marketing group. Our philosophy is that we have to blend what corporate's doing and the overall strategy with that local flavor.

7:39 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
So like Steven said, you know, you guys are, are the experts of your market.

7:43 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Steven could open up a, uh, uh, I smash in your territory, maybe if you want to do, but he couldn't do it as good as you could, because you know, it, you know, how it trades, you know, what people are interested in, you know, where people frequent all these different things. So we're going to work together to bring our national strategies and ideas and help you execute them locally, um, within your market.

 And bring awareness and opportunity to your location. So, you know, you can see these four things listed here, consistency, innovation, community, and performance. And those are things that we are going to be thinking about, and we do think about every day, and that we want you to also, you know, put in your DNA for when you think about marketing and spreading word about your iSmash location. We're gonna do this together.

 It's all about a partnership. We'll talk about that on a later slide. We understand that you all come from different places. I'd venture to guess none of you are marketing experts by trade, maybe. Every now and then there is a franchisee that is a marketing expert by trade.

8:47 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
But most franchisees get into this because they don't want to have to be marketing experts.

8:52 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
They want to buy into a franchise to be in business for yourself, but not by yourself, and use the playbook that a franchise has already seen be successful.

9:01 - Unidentified Speaker
So we're here to help you do just that.

9:04 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
This is a little bit about, and if people have questions, feel free to put them in the chat. We'll do Q&A at the end, but if you have questions that pop into your mind as we're talking, put them in the chat. We'll either answer them live on the call or save them to the end. On this call, we're going to give you a little bit of high level about how we market, which we've been doing, and then some brass tacks details.



9:27 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
So tactics that we leverage at iSmash, we want to be addressing the entire marketing funnel.

9:32 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Some of you are like, what is the marketing funnel? OK, I'll tell you. Basically, there's this idea of different layers in a consumer journey to becoming a buyer. And we want to be addressing all those different layers.

9:45 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
So it starts with awareness.

9:46 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
No one's going to book at iSmash if they don't even know iSmash exists.

9:51 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
So there's lots of different awareness type advertising. There's Facebook ads and TikTok and YouTube. There's PR. You Read something in the news or you see a billboard. And out of home, that grassroots local activation, there's handing out flyers at the local grocery store, partnering with the gym down the street. So awareness is really important because some of you might be the first Rage Room type thing in your community.

 So you're, we're creating category as we go. So awareness is really important, especially during the pre-opening phase.

10:19 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
We want to build that traction and buzz early on. Then as you kind of go down that funnel, you know, not everyone who becomes aware of iSmash is going to be interested in it.

10:31 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
And not everyone who's interested in it is going to book immediately. So you need to fill the funnel really broadly at the top because it's a numbers game because it funnels down. So we're looking for people to then become interested and make a decision to convert. And through that, we're doing things like Google Ads, right? If you type in fun activity to do near me, we want them to see an iSmash ad.

 Facebook lead campaigns where people can give us their information right then and there to get on your mailing lists, search engine optimization to come to the top of that Google search, and email marketing, as well as then retention.

11:05 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
Once you get a customer, we want them to come back.

11:09 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
We want them to come back for their next birthday party, whatever it is. So we use different tactics.

11:14 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
So we are focusing on all of this. This type of system, this type of franchise store requires all of it.

11:21 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
There are some brands that you only need to focus bottom of the funnel because it doesn't really matter if people are aware because it's a commodity or something like that. For us, we got to do awareness, we got to help people convert, and then we got to retain them and bring them back. And you're lucky that there's a whole infrastructure to help you do this. All right. Communication and collaboration.

 I kind of alluded to it before, and Steven did too, but we're going to handle certain things on your behalf. Hopefully a lot of you are like, ooh, great. I don't want to have to to worry about the paid ads. That sounds like a nightmare to me. So there are certain things that we're going to get your buy-in. We're going to talk about your budget. We're going to talk about some details. But we're going to kind of take it off your plate.

 We'll give you reporting. We'll tell you how it's doing, all of that. There are other things, though, that you're going to have to do. We can't necessarily go and forge a partnership with your local gym. We maybe could, but probably couldn't do it as well as you. So there are things that you're going to do. Especially locally, within your community, to spread the word and to build that actual relationship in the community.

 And we're going to, we can guide you on those things, as Steven mentioned. But it's really about collaborating and communicating.

12:33 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
We understand you guys are busy.

12:34 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Marketing is not the only thing on your plate while you're opening up your iSmash. So when we really do reach out because we need you to fill out a form or we need a photo, it's because we really want it in order to help you. So we appreciate the two-way communication, the respect for everyone's time, all of that, because everyone is working so that you're successful. So in that vein, what's the best way to get in touch with us?

 Marketing at ismashfranchise.com is the best way. It goes to everyone on this phone call. Typically, it's Jack or Kellie getting back to you because they're fast and amazing. But this is much better than one-off emailing Kellie or calling Steven or texting Jacquie, because this is in one place we can all see, we can all make sure it's getting done. Once you guys break ground in construction, you'll start having one-on-one calls with our team.

 So as soon as Steven tells us, you know, hey, Dan or Jon or Divya broke ground, we'll say, okay, we got to get our kickoff call on the books, you'll get an email from us, and we'll start really getting into the weeds with your specific location. So that's when the excitement really rises from now until then you can start just doing things to to get to know the community better and let people know that that ice mash is coming but you know you don't really have to be founding the pavement yet because they can't do anything yet they can't book it they can't go anywhere yet so just kind of spread the word lightly if you if you're looking for something to do things will need from you photos feedback we love feedback right you're in a franchise so you can leverage all the collective wisdom amongst all the franchise So if we're asking you to do something and you're like, I think this could be done better or different, or I have a new idea.

 We can't guarantee we're going to incorporate every piece of feedback we hear, but we want to hear it. I always say, don't suffer in silence. Tell us if something's challenging. Tell us if something feels like it's not working. Tell us if you have an idea. And then response time expectations. If you're using the appropriate communication channel, emailing marketing at ismashfranchise, we usually aim to respond within two business days, but usually we're much quicker.

 I will attest to the fact that it's almost never two business days, but we have to give ourselves a little bit of a cushion, especially as more and more of you open your doors. It gets busier and busier, but we take each one of your businesses really, really seriously. So we do our best to get back to you as soon as we can. But on the flip side, we want you to keep that in mind, right? We are one team, one person.

 So emailing marketing at ismashfranchise at 12 p.m. One night and saying, I need a flyer for 8 a.m.

15:15 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
the next morning is really, really challenging.

15:17 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
And Jacquie and Kellie, nothing hurts them more to not be able to deliver on a franchisee request. So don't make their heart hurt by asking them to do something that they won't be able to do. Try to get ahead of your requests and things like that. Work proactively. And just think, if I was on the other side of this request, would I be able to do this? Is this possible? Because we're all about scalability.

 And process and you'll hear more about that as we get to know each other better. Jacquie, let me pass it over to you.

15:47 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
Let's talk a little bit about the materials and their drive and all the great things that you guys have been working on for these owners.

15:55 - Jacquie Shortino
Okay, so if you are not familiar with your Google Drive link, which I believe all of you are, this is your main hub that's going to house all of your marketing materials and to start If you've taken a peek in here, we're already starting to compile items. You may have seen your logos, some coming soon signs. We have some guides that you can start to Read that are in your folders, which we'll go over as we progress along with your journey here.

 We are going to be adding in the next few weeks. So when more items are added, I'll usually give you a heads up. Since you guys are having brand new spaces, the first thing you're probably looking for coming soon If you're doing any events, festivals, you want cards to pass out, those are all going to be housed in your Google Drive. So just make sure you're really familiar with what's in here when you have a chance.

 And also, going off of your Google Drive, your Facebook pages have all been set up for your stores. We set those up for you. We put initial posts. So if you get a chance to go look, you can check out your Facebook pages. That's a great place to start. Great way to connect with your community. As far as a picture of your storefront, if you go in your space, you start construction, you get your sign, your Facebook is a great way to connect with a whole bunch of people at the same time.

 So you'll want to familiarize yourself with Facebook. If you have a Facebook account, we will be adding you as an admin on there. If you do not have a Facebook, because it's not a requirement, but you do have to have a Facebook in order to access a business page. Don't have a personal Facebook, we will still run it for you. You just won't be able to get on there yourself and post your own material.

 Just a heads up, because I know some people don't have a Facebook. But if you have any questions regarding that, please let us know. And as far as the Google Drive, like I said, just familiarize yourself, what's in there. You guys can get ahead of the game. And I know everyone's familiar with a lot of other items that are in there. Your logos are already in there, which see moving forward. And then when you do ads, when you do anything that's customizable for your store, we're going to add them in your Google Drive link.

 So this is our one centralized place. So just make sure you're set with that. And I think that's all. I think that's all I want to go over with Google Drive for now. And I'll send it back to Julie, I think, for the next slide.

18:24 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Yeah, we're basically going to wrap up. So we are excited to help you guys work together. Again, we will be reaching out to you as soon as construction starts, and we will get on that calendar for our one-on-one calls. In the meantime, we're always just an email away. If you have some ideas or questions, shoot us an email, marketing at ismashfranchise.com. Well, I count how many times I can say it in one meeting.

 But yeah, you know, we kind of went through everything, so I will kind of We can see if anyone has questions. This is not supposed to be, okay, you know everything possible about iSmash, now go. This is just kind of to get ahead of some of those early questions that you might be having and get you feeling confident that you're going to crush it and you're going to have the right team to help you do so.

 So if anyone has any questions, feel free to unmute yourself or type them in the chat. I've got a couple of questions.

19:25 - dan olsen
Sure, Dan. I'm an administrator on my Facebook page. That means I have the ability to post myself on my Facebook page, correct? Correct. Do we have it set up so that if I'm posting on Facebook, it automatically goes to Instagram as well?

19:44 - Jacquie Shortino
We currently are moving forward, focusing on the iSmashUSA Instagram. So your Facebook is going to be your main hub for social media. Corporate handles the Instagram, TikTok, Snapchat, just so you know. So you won't have to worry about Instagram when you post on Facebook. We moved to Facebook for the owners because it's just a lot easier and it has a lot bigger reach for our demographic. So you won't have to worry about Instagram, which is a good point.



20:17 - Bharath Mysore
It's possible I'm the only one on the call that doesn't know this but could you email me the link to my google drive oh yeah sure awesome thanks guys looking forward to seeing you in a couple weeks awesome yeah hey guys I have a question uh do we do we also see the stats related to the to the advertisements that you guys are doing in a local uh in a in a local area so the question is how do we kind of see the reporting for the paid ads that we do on your behalf?

 Yes. Because I want to do, if I want to keep track of some other things, like if new events are coming up, I may want to inform you guys to target certain audience or something like that.

21:04 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Absolutely. Yeah, it's a really good question. So right now we do a monthly share out that is really called together of a look back of the previous month. So the first week in October, all the franchisees will get their monthly report for what September looked like, It goes through every channel that they're advertising on, the spend, the key, the KPIs, and notes and suggestions from our team. And then typically for new openings, we are meeting about those, that data on a monthly basis to go over it.

 We also have, we're working on some reporting dashboards, which Steven will talk more about at the conference. So you can get more real-time data as well. And if there's any time that you want to know something in the moment, you can always email our team and we can get back to you once we're able to pull the data and look into it for you. Forward facing, if you have something going on and you want us to change or reconsider the targeting or do something, you always just let us know, but give us enough notice.

 Because one of the things I didn't mention, which we should make sure to mention on this call, is that we're not necessarily hands on keyboard doing every ad. We have experts that we partner with as well outside of just the four of us. So sometimes it's a little bit of a game of telephone where if you want something changed, we're going to have to get it over to the right people and they really might not be able to act as quickly as Jacquie and Kellie can.



22:33 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
So just communicate with us, let us know so that we can get that implemented.

22:37 - Bharath Mysore
Does it also, does the current platform also pick the stats from local Facebook pages? Like, as in our center, we will have our own Facebook page. Do the system also pick the stats from our Facebook pages?

22:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Jacquie, do you have one answer?

22:56 - Jacquie Shortino
Well, I think, are you referring to, like, when we run ads? No, no, no.

23:03 - Bharath Mysore
Like, for example, you mentioned that we need to create a Facebook page local to our center I mean, Facebook's actually really good at providing those.

23:13 - Jacquie Shortino
I mean, if you have a Facebook and have access to your page, you'll be able to see that very easily. And so, those numbers are separate from Facebook. I mean, if you have a Facebook and have access to your page, you'll be able to see that very easily. And so, those numbers are separate from Facebook. So, if you have a Facebook and have access to your page, you'll be able to see that very easily. And so, if you have a Facebook and have access to your page, you'll be able to see that very easily.

 The meta ads that we run. So does that answer your question? Is that?

23:44 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, I think I was thinking like, does our Facebook stats integrate with your stats and then do some analysis or not? So we only pull the paid ads numbers.

23:55 - Jacquie Shortino
So we don't like how many likes a post got or in like whatever you want. We only pull like the paid advertising like how much money you got back how much money you spend, how many people saw it, but those posts that you do, we don't pull that on your end, if that makes sense.

24:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, yeah, that's what I wanted to check.

24:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, all right.

24:21 - dan olsen
Julian, would you? Sorry, go ahead, Bharath.

24:23 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, so in our franchisee, we said we need to allocate certain percentage towards local advertisement and all those things. I'm assuming you guys will give us guidance on where we can spend that money, how we can spend it, when to spend it, and all this stuff, right?

24:41 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Exactly. On our first one-on-one call with you, we're going to go through our recommended budgets and how to spend it for three different phases. Phase one is kind of like the market warm-up, like a lot of awareness advertising, getting your name out. Phase two is the two-week lead-up, which is when your booking platform is open and you want to really start driving bookings for your grand opening.

 And then your open status budget and how we recommend you do that for about the first 60 days.

25:08 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
Once you're open for about 60 to 90 days, it becomes an ongoing kind of, you know, we kind of look at what we've been doing for the last 60 days and we say, do we need to change it? Do we keep it?

25:21 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
And we talk on like a monthly basis, whereas you're like, hey, I need to conserve a little cash right now. Where could I skim off? Or I feel like TikTok's not really working.

25:31 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
What do you guys think?

25:33 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
Or I want to go, this is working really great.

25:36 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
I want to double my budget in Google ads. So after kind of that 60, 90 day mark, it becomes just an ongoing topic. So yeah, we are here to guide you. We're learning from different franchisees.

25:49 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
We're adopting best practices across the system to help you use that money most wisely.

25:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

25:55 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
Yeah, no problem.

25:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Dan, did you have a question?

25:57 - dan olsen
I did. You had mentioned earlier Julie about gyms being a good place to build relationships seems pretty obvious. Do you have a list of similar businesses where we tend to do well? And is that a list that can be provided? Yes.

26:19 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Well, it's not exactly that, but we have a list of our kind of top grassroots type strategies. Let me try to find him. We can send it to everyone on this call. But it's basically a list of things that have been really successful with existing locations. So we'll send that over to you. And it's a little bit art and science, right? You might have a gym, but if no one goes to it, then you don't want to partner with that gym, right?

 If it has a bad reputation, it's a bad operator, then you don't want to touch it with a 10-foot pole. But there might be something that doesn't seem as obvious, but in your community, that's the spot and it feels synergistic with your brand. So we'll give you kind of thought starters, things to think about, but you might have something that we've never even thought about, but is a slam dunk to figure out how to cross promote and whatnot.



27:12 - dan olsen
So yeah, we'll find that and send that out to you guys. Awesome. I am right next to a military base, Air Force base. I suspect that they will be a target demographic. Also, Utah probably per capita has larger families than most other states. I've already got some thoughts and ideas and plans about how to market to those demographics, but if you guys have anything you could add, I'm all ears. That's great.



27:45 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
One of the things on our first meeting, we work on our budget together. Give you our recommendation, you come back and tell us if you're going to go with it or if you want to make changes. And then one of the things we ask you is like, are there any unique resources that you already anticipate needing? And that would be a perfect place for you to write like, help me with some military focused flyers and things like that.



28:10 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 2
So we can get ahead of those for you.

28:12 - Steven Shortino
Perfect.

28:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you. No problem.

28:14 - Steven Shortino
I think one of the other things that's a really good point is that our stores are all doing a lot of different stuff. I don't think that There's a one size fits all. There is a lot of different stuff that's working across the locations. We have broad mass appeal and that allows us to just advertise in many different places and have success. Some stores do TV, some stores do mallards, some stores do yard signs, billboards, movie ads.

 Some stores are very community-based, boots on the ground. It just kind of seems like what works best for you. You, that's what you should focus on. And what works best, I'm more saying what's within your budget, what's within your time constraints, what hits the most amount of people in your market, et cetera.

29:05 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Again, by the way, I'm just dropping in a link in the chat that has our pre-opening marketing guide. And if you go down to We send this out before our one-on-ones, but if you go down to slide five, it says more iSmash marketing ideas. It's a button in bright red that has a link to what we were just talking about. It's 40 different kind of ideas based, broken out into different categories. So bookmark that or save it down or something.



29:39 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

29:39 - Conference Room (Julie Samuels) - Speaker 1
Does anyone else have any questions? Again, you don't need to feel anxious or worried at all about things. Hopefully, this gives you some level of calm and excitement that we're going to help you every step of the way. And there's not much you need to do between now and when you start construction. Just make sure that you stay on schedule. You do all those things with your loans and your leases and all the things that I know nothing about and go way over my pay grade.

 Just focus on those things for now so you can get open and started in time and we rock and roll and with getting people to your door.

30:16 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

30:17 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

30:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

30:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Sounds good.

30:20 - Steven Shortino
I think we're all set.

30:22 - Steven Shortino
I appreciate you guys all jumping on here.

30:26 - Jacquie Shortino
Thanks, everyone.

30:27 - Jacquie Shortino
Have a good evening.

30:29 - Divya M
All right.

30:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you. Yes.

30:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you.