iSmash Seattle Budget Review
Fri, Apr 11, 2025

0:12 - Bharath Mysore
So.

3:44 - Steven Shortino
Hold on one sec, he said he's having trouble getting in.

3:48 - Michael Carney
One second. Hey, Mike, can you hear us? I can, Steve, but I... That I'm using a, like a phone device I have and I can't present from it. Cause it's not my, this is so frustrating. I have the document. I mean, I can present, but I like being able to show everything. Um, I mean, if you, why, if you want to send it to me, I could share my screen and that works. So, and, uh, team, me I just had serious technical issues and I think I'm rounding the end of it right when I think we're good I can't get access to something where I it's kind of silly to me but yeah let me Steve let me try to share this with you through this because that's what's the issue is on my laptop it's saying that like I'm it shows everything's connected and then it says when I try to pull the Google team up it says go back to Google Meets to see why online is not go back online to use Google Meet and I'm online so let me try to send this to you I'm on a audio device that I can use here hopefully you can share it I have the floor plan pulled up Um, all right, this is the disc.

 Let's see, how do I share this? I'm just replying to an open email. Everett sent.

6:34 - Michael Carney
Why is it not staying connected?

6:55 - Michael Carney
Processing. Let me try disconnect and reconnect. That's something we're coming through. I'm going to take a photo of it and just share it that way. I think it's like the easiest way right now, just so we can get through it. Yeah, yeah, it's fine. All right. And then I should, like I told you, all this should be squared by Monday. Camera.

8:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Two.

8:22 - Michael Carney
I'm going to share. Share my screen. All right. Can you guys see this? I can zoom in, however, if you need it. Yeah, I mean, it's a little bit, a little bit grainy, but I mean, I can see it. Yeah. Once I, if I can figure out how to get through it, I will get this back over. Um, and then how do you, so that I can pronounce your guys' names properly. I always, my pride tells me don't ask, but I always ask anyway, cause it's the best way forward.

 Um, how do I pronounce both you guys' names?

9:18 - Michael Carney
That way I can say it properly.

9:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Barack.

9:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, Barack.

9:23 - Bharath Mysore
Barack.

9:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

9:24 - Michael Carney
OK, so going through, usually I'll share and I'll once I get this document out to Steven and yourself, it'll have the attachment, which actually has the the floor plan associated to it and can kind of run through For me, it's easy to sort of explain things visually. That way there's an understanding because at this juncture, again, these are to sort of help inform and drive pricing and help with negotiations and understand sort of what future projections are going to look like so that we have no hiccups or surprises.

 And then also help sort of qualify the deal and the metrics of the deal that you'll be settling on. You guys are obviously in an interesting sector of the market, I've seen numbers be wildly outrageous up where you guys are at. And so it's difficult. A lot of times dealing with deal owners and running through pricing and trying to explain costs and all of that, sometimes it literally can be a geographical sort of reason.

 And I've watched people sort of learn some of the lessons the hard way and thinking that, no, there's no way this is possible, and then come back with higher numbers and all sorts of stuff. We had a client out by you guys that had locations in Washington DC and also out in Seattle. And the locations in DC were union and the ones out in Seattle were non-union, but the ones in Seattle cost more than the union locations in DC.

 And so it turned into kind of like and debate back and forth. And we're like, hey, listen, the market more or less will dictate some of these things at the end of the day. So I just want to kind of preface that. I'm sure you guys know that about where you're at. Pacific West Coast is probably some of the most expensive real estate and cost of living. And that trickles all the way down into trades.

 So I'll run through each category explanation as to what is here, what you'll be looking at, why the costs are there, and sort of explain through them. This is a very much in a high-level way. So first two sections are general conditions and general requirements. General conditions embody everything either pre-construction or soft costs related to a project that includes dumpsters, equipment, rental equipment, disposable tools, any hand tools that more or less get left for the project.

 Cleaning and then final clean at the end of the project. Once everything is out, everything is installed and do a deep clean at the end of the project. Reproduction costs for blueprints, a whole litany of things that nickel and dime add up throughout the cost of a project. Many times people in the general conditions line item, they will just hold basically an industry standard number, which is about 8% of the overall project.

 On smaller projects like these, it doesn't really make sense to just hold a flat number because it doesn't truly translate out that way, so we just try to stay away from that. General requirements, the reason I just called out superintendent next to it, it's because the larger cost of the general requirements is going to be superintendent, somebody running the project, and then also project management hours and pre-comp project management hours on the back end.

 But again, the would be somebody who's on site coordinating, making sure trades are accomplishing what they need to, and then the project management hours would be on the back end in the office, making sure that execution is happening, timelines are being kept, schedules are being kept, and what is being promised is also delivered upon. And so that is those first two sections. Demo, at least what I'm holding here, I was trying to sort of work through the existing floor plan.

 I might even be able to pull it up on here. But long story short, I mean, it looks like we're going to try to reuse some of the space. And Steve, correct me if I'm wrong here or Kevin, but it looked like maybe we're trying to reuse the one section where the paint rooms are or the paint cleanup rooms are. But everything else, I mean, the way the layout is laying, it's not incorporating existing walls.

 So, on the demo side, this is inclusive of all your interior partitions that don't align with the new layout, any of your ceiling types that we need to rework into or demo out of with the new wall layout. And then, obviously, the finishes that go with that, both at the floor level and the wall level, and the hallway of debris itself. As inclusive of the demo number. No roof work. We're assuming your units are existent to remain.

 We're assuming good working water. And so there should be no reason we're going up to the roof. We shouldn't be doing any venting going out through the roof. We should be utilizing at least the way it looked, able to utilize for the paint cleanup area where the new plumbing is going in. We should be able to tie into one of the vent stacks that are right there. It's over by where the restrooms are at, so that would be the only reason we'd have to come out through the roof, unless we got into a situation where we need to add some additional HVAC units up there or penetrate through the roof for some sort of ventilation at the plumbing level.

 But right now, we don't have anything there held for that. Concrete is particularly related for the paint cleanup and the replacement at the paint cleanup area. Is trenching out it looks like it's uh and I couldn't tell based on the floor plan and the photos uh that you guys had there but the it looks like uh we should be I'm hoping there's a floor clean out somewhere between that room and the uh restroom areas um for the space but the uh that's that's what the concrete line is is cutting the concrete open tying the waste drain lines in and then also the floor drain line in for the paint cleanup areas over by the restrooms.

 The masonry I have is existent to remain. Typically, we'll hold that line there for adding or enlarging the rear double door access. In this case, you guys have that. It looks like there's a landing out back. The question really is, as we go through the layout and the design, the secondary means of egress, that back single door in the back left corner. And just making sure we have our clear line of path, especially with the fact that the double doors and the loading dock area are kind of like in the bottom middle part of the space.

 But we don't have any costs there. Thankfully, that can be an expensive ticket item, opening up the exterior wall, putting in a new set of double doors or roll-up door, for your delivery access point. Miscellaneous steel, again this is just additional supports for axe and smash walls along the duct, I'm sorry, along with the duct prep and work above the ceiling. So we'll have, as we go through with the new layout, we're going to have additional, and you'll see it further down in the HVAC sections, we're going to have additional duct prep work for the new layouts and the new rooms.

 With that will come additional supports and new trapeze. What I didn't see or don't see is what the deck height is from the existing ceiling heights up. And so that's something that does play into cost at the end of the day. But for right now, we're just holding that something standard and usually 16 feet or so from floor to deck is a pretty standard. 16 feet, maybe 18 feet, but so we're holding for that.

 If it's something extravagant like 30 feet or 26 feet or something, be a number that needs to be revisited. Rough carpentry largely is all of your smash rooms, smash ceilings, and rough blocking all throughout the space. That would be inclusive of floor to ceiling walls, fire rated plywood, wrapping every wall in every room. For the smash rooms, both the two larger smash and the two smaller smash.

 And then also we've experimented with some other ceiling types. It's probably best in situations where we have a lower ceiling to stick with the plywood and head in that route, but it also includes the plywood ceiling in there. And then all of the support for your door frames and hardware packages, so all of your blocking in there, and then the blocking ahead of time, for the owner furnished packages, for the TV bracket mounts, and some of the other smaller stuff in the paint rooms.

 Again, that is all rough carpentry, largely plywood and blocking related. And just for context and understanding of numbers, generally your smash rooms will come out to, when you're including the ceilings, your smash rooms come out to about 140 pieces of four by eight, three quarter board. Those are typically like $58 a piece. Rough, you know, plus or minus, where you guys are at, they're probably about $64.

 So, you know, again, a larger portion of that number is just purchasing the materials, not even inclusive of the delivery or install, but that is included in that line. But the materials themselves can be pretty costly. Post-COVID, they were nowhere near that pre-COVID, and they've done nothing but go up. The allowance held for the finished carpentry is really for the point of sale area. At the front entrance, when you come in, we generally try to hold a line there just to make sure you guys understand that you're going to want to do something for our cash wrap or your main entry desk.

 And so that you don't have some surprise ticket coming into it. Again, we hold an allowance there. Roughly about $5,500 of that allowance line item is geared toward the cash wrap. And then there are always miscellaneous like Sunday small little knickknack stuffs during the final closeout and some of the smaller owner furnished items. Wall insulation and bat, that is just the sound bat that goes into the new walls.

 It's a pretty standard cost that comes typically inclusive of building new two by four metal stud walls in interior commercial fit outs. Again, that is not soundproofed, If there's a question of soundproofing, then we will have to address that as we get closer to the deal, but that is just the sound bat that goes into the new interior walls themselves. That brings you to, and by the way, at any point, just jump in, ask questions, cut me off.

 I can't see anybody, so I am just running through and explaining everything from a quantity perspective and in regards to scope. That way you guys understand what's you know the thought going into it the quantities going into it the understanding going into it and so if you want to ask questions or anything you can wait till the end or you can jump in and cut me off and totally understandable either way I just can't see if anybody's like raising their hand or anything so that is that's the wall bat wall insulation acoustical ceilings again I'm holding for a larger portion of back in with new ceilings throughout.

 This number actually probably be a little bit less. The square footage will likely be quite a bit less based upon the overall square footage and what space we're going to be carving out for storage area. We don't typically need to do a new ceiling in the storage area or some of the existing to remain rooms and the smash rooms themselves get plywood and so that number will probably be less like somewhere around 3,400 square feet or 3,800 square feet, give or take, depending on what the final size of the storage room ends up being and how the layout goes.

 And so proportionately, that would be reduced across the board there. Doors, frames, and hardware is a lower count here than typical. Usually, there's anywhere between 14 and 17 new single sets of- Which line item are you referring to?

22:19 - Bharath Mysore
Sorry.

22:20 - Michael Carney
The next one I'm sorry so glass and glazing so we just number eight so acoustical ceilings Okay, right. Yep. So now we're at door streams and hardware number eight that is if we can reuse the existing restrooms if we can reuse the existing rooms for the Looks like the paint cleanup and the small paint rooms again, one of the things that I think the brand does well. And then us trying to work with them through it is understanding like spatial feasibility and the ability to reuse space ahead of time and try to value engineer stuff.

 And sometimes, and it's just kind of, honestly, it's a little frustrating when you get in like certain deals that look like you can do some really good stuff with, but then they're just like in expensive territories. And so it's like, you don't really see the value. Cause like, it's just, there's like a wash between value engineering and pure costs because of the geography again you guys are you know I don't know sadly or not I mean I guess you'll just proportionately make the money on the sale of the services but so doors frames and hardware you know you guys have I'm accounting for trying to reuse some of the existing stuff these are solid painted doors anyway so typically we've able to reuse anything there that it matches close enough and then and just paint it to match the existing paint scheme.

 So again, you have eight new single sets and one new double set of doors. The floor plan, I'm not sure if you guys saw it or not, but the floor plan I don't think shows clearly where the doors are. So typically what I'll assume is all of the new red walls that are laid out on the floor plan, I'll assume each get a set of single doors. And then the access point to the storage area, and stuff are in your storages.

 Usually that would be a double set of doors because you're going in and out of there with pallets and goods and waste and all that kind of stuff. And so that's the number eight section for door frames and hardware. That's what the N1 double DBL is. That's a double set going in there too. Now that is supply and install and it includes the hardware sets. It's not just the frames or not just the doors or the hardware.

 It is all three of those. Plus the install. Again, one of those items that just, the difference between a residential set of split jam door frames and hardware and a commercial set of hollow metal knockdown solid core door frames and hardware is dramatically different. And I, maybe it's the construction type. I couldn't tell you, but I've been in it long enough to never really understand why door frames and hardware companies get away with charging what they can.

 Nonetheless it is what it is The have Glass and glazing we don't have any glass and glazing anything like that in there. You're reusing your storefront system We're not putting any new sliding or double doors such That brings you to framing and track layout along with drywall and finish that is particularly to new walls and drywall, double-sided and single-sided prep throughout. Those will be 3-5-8, so basically 2x4, 20-gauge metal studs standard.

 And then on your smash walls, the smash walls themselves will be 16-gauge, so a heavier metal with additional blocking and support that gets put in there. The drywall package so door the the Section sorry nine first two items are framing and track drywall and finish a lot of times Those two are together in one line item. I break it out just so people can see there's several trades going on there And it's not just like one big ticket item that includes the drywall finish also in that line Another question.



26:28 - Bharath Mysore
So all this like I had seen that the layout plan, is it according to scale?

26:35 - Michael Carney
When you say is it according to this, you're talking about this, the quantities?

26:42 - Bharath Mysore
No, no, no. The plan that was sent earlier, was it based on the actual dimensions of the area that you guys got it or how was that calculated?

26:56 - Michael Carney
Kevin, can you speak to that? Um, but there's a program we use, uh, called blue beam. And as long as we have dimensional layout, um, of the existing floor plan, then you can do sort of a role scaled layout for your new wall placements. Um, and then generally what I'll do outside of that, just from building, uh, for the last 20 years of my life, roughly, and, um, and this type of construction, particularly not like residential or anything like that, but tenant improvement work, workplace interiors, all this kind of stuff.

 Then make all the assumptions. Once I have my actual floor plan and layout, I can then go back in and make all my assumptions based on my reflected ceiling plan. So what's going on with my ceiling. I can make all my assumptions, what I need for my walls and my dimensions for my layout. So like how I said, I'm assuming there's going to be one single door for all those and one double door for the new storage area.

 And so like your smash rooms are typically, your larger smash and party smashes are roughly, this isn't exact, but they are roughly 395 square feet. So the general assumption is that they are 20 by 20, give or take two feet on one of them. And so then when laying the scale out into the existing floor plan, we at least know rough dimensionally what we need, where we're going to be able to place stuff, how we're going to place it.

 And then if the numbers work and sort of the pricing and the budgeting and being able to work the deal, then you massage it and can kind of value engineer it and change sort of the layout if necessary in order to either reduce costs or try to figure out how to reuse more of the existing space. But typically, yes, we try to draw a something up that is scaled based on the existing conditions and use the existing conditions too.

 OK.

28:57 - Bharath Mysore
Uh, the the areas and all are they like the the Smashroom and all are they according to the to the franchise specs? Because we felt like it was isn't we felt it may be too small.

29:12 - Michael Carney
That's why I'm asking. Um, I I mean the brand themselves are the ones that do the the actual layout. Okay, I see. Okay. So like, they'll, they'll typically take their now, which are you talking about, like this small smash rooms?

29:28 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, there were like, many small, like a couple of smash rooms where we felt like it was too small one. Other one was we felt like the area is bigger, but the square footage mentioned in the plan was a little bit off meaning it, it did not cover the whole thing. That's, that's, that's what I'm talking about.

29:50 - Michael Carney
They typically, I'm trying to pull it up, but typically the floor plan that's used is at this juncture, by the way, is to get us in the sphere of pricing, right? So it's like, here's where these costs are coming in at, here's why we try to help inform the deal, inform the franchisee so that you guys understand. Sort of some of the stuff that's happening in here and what to be looking for and why to be looking for it.

 So that's largely the, this exercise at this point, provided it all works and we can make the deal work, we would then step back into the design phase and actually go through, you know what I mean?

30:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

30:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

30:38 - Michael Carney
I see.

30:39 - Michael Carney
Okay. So basically the first round of these iterations are our feasibility and an actual, both at the pricing level and the spatial level. So like pricing feasibility is like, okay, if this is what the projected costs are going to be based on the sort of grosser brand needs, does that work for the deal? Yes or no? If it does, great. If it doesn't, what do we need to ask for inside of the deal or try to push toward the deal in order to make it work?

 And then once all of that is good, then we'll step back and we can go through value engineer exercise and so on and so forth.

31:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

31:21 - Bharath Mysore
Do you guys also cover the permits and all those things or is that covered separately?

31:28 - Michael Carney
So there's a design packet that would be separate from this, but that is inclusive. We'll incorporate the permit management and all of the professional services aspect in the actual drawing fees themselves. And then also inclusive, because it overlaps. There's a certain part of it that's during the design phase, and then there's a certain part of it that's during the building phase. So we incorporate each part in the actual breakout.

 The drawing packet usually is somewhere between, depending on how the design lands, somewhere between $15,000 and $22,000 that includes everything, all permit submissions, all revisions, all reproduction costs, everything. So that is inclusive once we get to that point. But largely what we would do is nail down the actual, I guess, hopeful floor plan first, and then step towards the design phase. I know where you guys are at.

 It just takes a little bit more time than usual. Yeah.

32:37 - Michael Carney
It is what it is.

32:39 - Michael Carney
There's actually, and some deals in California. It's just part of, I honestly, I don't know why, because I build in other places and it's not like that. So I couldn't tell you why it's like that, but it is nonetheless. So it's always good to plan on that. Okay. But so we will, we try to scale as much as we can, as best as we can, as fast as we can. And then And then from there, sort of massage out the things that need to be discussed.

 So like, you'll see certain items that say allowance or certain items that are highlighted or certain, you know what I mean? And that's, it's very intentional just because there's some things we do know and there's some things we don't know. And so as we move further into the process and get greater clarity, and obviously with greater clarity, usually then comes sort of greater commitment. We're trying to work through that and then nail down sort of a final package that we then move forward with you guys at your lease execution and then with us or whoever at the design build execution.

 And so we're just trying to make sure you guys stay informed and can make some quality decisions on costs. Objectively, I think it's great only because I've seen franchisees get to the end of the deal, they love the space, they love the deal, they think they won and then they find out it's cost them double what they were hoping. And it happens probably more than you would think. Actually, definitely more than you would think.

 But at that point, then the franchisee has already bought the franchise. They've already signed a 10-year lease deal. So they got to figure out how to get it built. And I've seen that play out too many times. So that's why we try to incorporate this into the front end of So you have framing and drywall again went through that explanation. Yeah, roughly about 300 I got it. I had some questions about the actual floor plan itself but it comes out to roughly around like 330 feet of walls 340 the walls into the space, but then there's also going to be a lot of wall prep itself of existing conditions in the walls.

 So that's inclusive in the drywall and finish line. Paint is throughout the whole space. Again, some of the areas that we'll try to value engineer are relative to the storage area because it's storage and it's a non-focal point, it's a non-customer area. There's really no reason to get into drywall finishing and painting that whole area. You can if you want. We generally try to leave that area exclude it obviously you know touch it up as needed or what have you but but not redo the whole storage area again only because it's storage or you know it's where the breakable goods and stuff will be.

 Can you talk about item number 10?

35:35 - Bharath Mysore
I think I kind of get the idea about number 9. Can you talk about the number 10 what are what are what are things that are part of it?

35:44 - Michael Carney
Yep so item number 10 your specialty So, this is the receipt and furnish, I'm sorry, the receipt and install of all of the smash walls themselves. So, those are a custom install, probably take about four guys, maybe three days, two days to do the install of the steel smash walls themselves. Very particular install pattern and process. They went excuse me, they weigh about 350 pounds a sheet each. So even though it looks like one person could handle it, it's just super heavy.

 And then those get pancaked together, one smash room to the other with through bolts and then washers and toggled together and they act almost like a sandwich and the wall would be like the meat of the sandwich and the steel is like the bread. So you have all four smash rooms the steel for those walls, the additional support for those walls included there in the install. And then you also have the lift.

 You need a scissor lift both to receive it and then to move it the second time and stage it. That's included in there, particularly for the smash walls. And then on top of it, you have – it looked like you had four axe lanes being built in your space, unless I wasn't looking at the right floor. Um, but it looked like the space was laid out for 26 by 20. Um, and so that includes all of the, all of the axolotls are built on site, uh, all the parts and pieces.

 There's a packet called ax attainment packet. Um, and that, that is a step-by-step guideline on how to build all of the different parts and pieces for, um, the axolotls themselves that also, so it includes both the furnishing of the material for those and the install on site, the custom building of those on site. It also includes the partition walls and the fencing that goes into separating each stall out.

 It includes the high top tables and the standing tables where people kind of stand in line and wait, and both the furnishing materials and the install of that. And then it also includes the setting up and staging the mats at the target and at the ground for the axle lanes themselves. So that is largely most of the specialties on the job site are included in that line item. And then there are a whole litany of smaller owner furnished items that will come towards the end of the project.

 Some of the stuff is stuff that we'll install. Some of it is stuff that the brand will install. I'm sure as we go forward, it'll be stuff that ultimately the GC installs all of, but right now, It also includes a bunch of small odds and ends for owner furnished items like building the projector mounts and hanging them from the ceiling and a whole bunch of little kind of knickknack stuff that's small dollars inclusive of this.

 But that's what that is. That's what item number 10 is. It's largely around your smash walls, your axe lanes, your high tables, and then your or furnished items is those three basic lines. The mechanical line, which includes your general plumbing, that is number 15. That's going to be us reworking existing distribution throughout the space to include the new rooms and breakouts. This is a line, again, that could come down.

 The one above it, that flooring line that you said you knew of in number nine, Again, that one could come down. It's going to be based on quantities and decision and existing condition of the final floor. Same thing with mechanical. That could come down. That's going to be based on existing conditions of the distribution system itself and what we're going to be able to reuse versus rework or add new.

 Plumbing, which is right under that, also part of mechanical section, is largely related to reworking of existing plumbing for the paint cleanup areas and inclusive of the stand-up tubs themselves for the paint cleanup. Life safety, I have sprinklers only here because I couldn't tell based on the floor plan, but really at the end of the day, it's an allowance. Put that in kind of red and all bold letters.

 I always do that just because a lot of times this cost here, number 15, 1, 2, 3, 15D is left out of most proposals or budgets only because it's a deferred submittal usually, and that just means that it will be purchased and paid for by the sprinkler vendor themselves. And then you end up with a $15,000 ticket that nobody told you about. So again, we try to hold the allowance there just to make sure you understand there's going to be some sprinkler reworking, some life safety and fire alarm reworking that takes place there.

 We try to hold a realistic number. I mean, I could put $1,000 there. It doesn't mean that it's going to be accurate. So in taking a look at a space and analyzing the layout, we try to put a realistic sort of budget on what we think that cost is going to be. Many times that's a mandatory landlord vendor. So we don't even get to pick what the cost is going to be. We can't even shop it. It ends up being the landlord's choice themselves.

 And that you will find out depending on the space you pick. It comes as part of the rules and regulations. Electrical here, we're reusing the existing distribution in order to rebuild the new layouts with all the new walls. Part of that is going to be adding new lights, roughly three new lights to every new room. That's what the average comes out to. Roughly three new lights to every new room that's created, and then reworking the existing light circuits and power circuits in the open areas and common areas that are currently going to be existing to remain.

 So most of these MEPs, the mechanical, electrical, and plumbing, we're using existing systems and reworking it to the new layout as opposed to building whole new systems for the new layout solely because your number would probably be 150% of what it is if you went to sort of try to do everything new from scratch, maybe even higher. But that's that for electrical. So that's your lighting, lighting package for the new room.

 Reworking existing lighting for the old spaces that are being kept and then power distribution throughout all the new spaces including areas like the the paint splatter paint rooms which we just went through another location making sure that the four lights are at the proper heights and some of the TV mount locations where where they need to be versus where they were shown to be so that's what your electrical line is and then again just putting contractors, VOH and P at the bottom, which this one I think was somewhere around 10 or 12% of the baseline, which comes out to about 8% or so of the GP.

 So that's really, that's it. I mean, we try to go through and take a look at the space, the layout ahead of time and get some real sort of perspective on it. There will be some some greater stuff that needs to be worked in, like during your lease negotiations, what the language is around your mechanical distribution, your electrical and your plumbing and the restrooms and life safety are going to be important because they will dictate if this number is going to be 30,000 or 130,000.

 So very important to use the information that we give you today just to make sure that you're some of your negotiations off it. And then when there's deviation in the negotiation, then we come back to the table and say, all right, if they're not going to give you new units and the units are 25 years old and we know they don't work, well, you know, you're going to need for 5,200 square feet, you're going to need, you know, at least 18 tons of cooling.

 And because of that new units and new distribution, you know, you're looking at another $75,000. And so it helps in all of those regards. To negotiate the deal and understand where you're going to be as you go through, counter to the idea of figuring that out after you sign your deal. So, I will work on trying to get this, I don't know what's up with my connectivity. I had a bunch of stuff fixed and figured out and then today has just been a tech nightmare day for me.

 So, yeah. So, I'll work on getting that squared away. Getting this back over to you, you have the floor plan. What I'll do is I'll pair the existing floor plan and this floor plan together with this document. And then if you have any questions or anything, I can sort of, I can lay out some commentary to help bring any more clarity that's needed. And then this isn't, by the way, these numbers, I don't know where your deal is landing, if you're getting any substantial TI or not.

 But this is not inclusive of any of that. So this is just like raw baseline data. So you have your existing conditions and your sort of final build floor plan. So any of your deal terms from a financial perspective, so say your TI is, for round number sake, say $100,000, well, obviously then that is indicative of going against the deal here. So the actual total would look like 100,000 less than this total.

 So And that's why we use it to help negotiate the terms because all the deliverables in your lease terms are really based on the existing conditions of the space. And unless somebody in your camp, you know, like you personally or somebody on your team has the know-how or the industry knowledge of what those costs are going to be, you're kind of allowing somebody else to take a good guess at what it might be.

 With no risk involved. So we try to at least give some clarity and some explanation here. So if you have any questions or want any more information, I can definitely try to color it in as best as possible for you.

46:24 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. Okay, I think, yeah, this was good. What else is there? You will be sending this to Steven and everybody in the thread, right? For sure. The so I will send it out.

46:38 - Michael Carney
I was trying to do it in here and forgive me for the At 3 30, I was like I can't get into anything, so I asked Steve to move it to 4. I still couldn't get into it and I was just like man. Well, let me just try to take a picture and do it that way so. But yeah, I'll actually package it up and so in one document you have the floor plans and you have the the projection alongside of it sometimes it's good to see at least for me I'm a visual learner so okay sounds good I think uh this was helpful uh and then I'm assuming that this is all like an estimate and then you try to accommodate the whatever best data that you can get from this area right for sure I mean what we'll try to do because there's there's always timelines involved.

 So this is to help guide the deal, right? Provided the performer works, it should be a baseline to make a decision, right? So provided the data points work and it's good enough to say, okay, if we can get the lease deal to look like X, then this works. And if you get the lease deal to look like X, then we move the ball forward and we say, okay, here's the baseline. The drawing sets and permitting are going to be 18,000.

 The baseline prior to drawing set, and we'll spell that out in the contract, we will show you. Basically, there will be two rounds of pricing after all of this, right? So, you'll have the baseline for the design build contract, which then would state that at 50% drawing completion, any value engineering or changes that either, like say you say, I want to add five more rooms. Well, obviously it's more money, right?

 So as we go through the design process, we'll just make sure that we're tracking and value engineering as we go. And then we're also buying the numbers out. So we're trying to make sure that we're sourcing any of the best case scenarios. And on top of it, depending on how the deal lays, sometimes we'll work with the brand and say, okay, because we work across across a lot of the deals. And so for us, the value is not trying to win on each individual deal by itself.

 We're looking at a far bigger picture. And so there are occasions like one of the ones in California right now, where as a company, we'll probably do far worse than we typically would allow on a single deal. But because we see the bigger picture and are involved across sort of a wider, of deals, we take them in stride only because we're trying to build the brand too. We're not just trying to build each individual store.

 So there's a lot of things that work to the advantage of the way that Steven and iSmash has decided to move forward for you guys as franchisees. Many times what happens is you buy the franchise, they give you some suggestions, and you're sent to the wolves basically. And it's hard. It's not easy. I've watched franchisees I mean, it's not an easy process. Yeah. So. Hey, there's your children.

49:58 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, they're my yeah, and then they were like probably this is like probably around eight years old picture.

50:08 - Michael Carney
Oh man, so I have four kids myself.

50:12 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, they don't. They're all grown up now.

50:16 - Michael Carney
Wow, almost teenagers. Really, I have a I have a 24 who just got married. She just got married. And then my next closest is 16. And so I got a spread. I got a good spread.

50:30 - Bharath Mysore
All right, well, let me get a package and get it out to you.

50:35 - Michael Carney
It will likely be tomorrow because I'm shooting over to Verizon and a few places to try to get some of this tech stuff figured out. But it will be packaged with the floor plans the existing floor plan, that way we can kind of all be on the same page here. Sure, yeah. And then if you have any questions, please ask. I try to give as much as I've learned and received over the years freely for the most part.

 Most people tell me I should charge consulting for it. I'm like, nah, just try to help leave the world a better place than I found it. So ask me anything. I'll try to tell you anything I know.

51:16 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot, Michael. Yeah.

51:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you.

51:22 - Michael Carney
I appreciate it, bro.

51:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Bye.