iSmash Seattle Kick Off Call
Thu, Feb 27, 2025

0:02 - Divya
Hello.

0:02 - Kevin Macmaster
Nice to meet you.

0:04 - Divya
Nice to meet you, Kevin. Hi.

0:06 - Kevin Macmaster
I know Steven has been feeling under the weather this week, so he probably won't be joining us. So it might just be me. Did I pronounce right? Is it Divya? Correct. Beautiful. All right. And then we're waiting on... I don't want to butcher his name either.

0:26 - Divya
It's Bharath, and he's watching Alrighty.

0:30 - Kevin Macmaster
So yeah, I would have, uh, I would have been close. That's how I was going to pronounce it. So yeah. So yeah. Nice to meet you both. Um, my name's Kevin. I'm basically Steven's right-hand man. Um, I'm mainly on the operation side of things, but I'll be with you throughout the whole process. Um, I'm really the only one who's somewhat at Steven's level of understanding of everything. Um, so I'm, uh, usually the one who takes these things up when he's feeling down and out.

 So basically, I just have a long list of stuff I'm going to go through. It'll cover everything from like training to how the you know, the checklists and the location process, all that. So I'll just run through the list of things I have. Everything I cover here will be sent out to you in like an onboarding email. So you'll get logins, links and everything to all the stuff I cover in here. So if you're wondering a lot Well, I'm talking about it.

 That's where all that'll be and then if you guys have questions once I'm done going through everything Just let me know But yeah, so I'll get right into it unless you guys had anything before I get started No, I

1:38 - Divya
just wanted to say hi. It's nice to meet you Kevin.

1:41 - Kevin Macmaster
Cool. Yeah. Nice to meet you guys as well I'm happy to get it started. You guys are in Seattle, right? Yes. Cool. That's a nice market. That'll be exciting Yeah, so I'll just dive right in First thing I usually talk about on this is the training program. So it's all just videos online. They're basically just PowerPoint slides with voiceovers on them. Then there's short quizzes afterwards that contain questions about whatever was in the PowerPoint.

 They aren't too grueling, so they aren't too bad to go through. We kind of do it in phases. So typically there's three different phases that it'll be in. Phase one is right after you sign, so that'll be information the company, information about the site selection process, that kind of thing. It's the least cumbersome of all of them. It's only about like two hours or so of work that you have to put into that one.

 So that one's not too bad right off the rip. And then phase two, usually you complete around the time you actually signed the lease. That'll just be all about build out, pre-opening marketing, human relations stuff, that kind of stuff. That one's a little more in depth. That one's usually about eight to 10 hours in total. And then if you guys want, you can also do these together too. So that's an option.

 So if you don't want to have like each of you doing it on your own accounts, I don't really track it that in depth. So as long as you guys are like, yeah, we did it all on Divya's account. I'll be like, all right, that's fine. Sorry, I was a little sidetracked. But yeah, and then phase three, usually we do two to three weeks before opening. So that's just basically daily operating procedures. Brand opening marketing, hiring employees, that kind of stuff.

 That one's probably the most in-depth of them all. That one's about 12 to 14 hours in total. You can get them done faster than that. If you're watching a video and you kind of understand everything already, or you have a good idea of what the questions are going to be and how to answer them, you can kind of skip over the video. I'm not going to come jumping down on you for it. As long as you get through the questions and do everything right, I'm not going to jump up on how you got there.

 As far as on-site training, you get two on-site visits. So one of them usually happens about two to three weeks before you open. It'll either be myself or one of our other team members who come out there. We'll just look over the build out of the facility, make sure everything looks up to par, make sure everything's set up how it needs to be, support you guys and any questions you have or anything you need help with.

 Typically, like the employee hiring part is one that people need a lot of help with at this time. Um, so I can help with that, set you up with any local vendors that we have set up with you, that kind of thing. Um, and then we come out usually two to three days before your actual grand opening date. And we'll stay there about two or three days after just to make sure everything's running smoothly.

 Everybody knows how to do everything. You know, you guys got the operating procedures down, everything's set up properly, all that good stuff. Um, that's it for the training portion of it. I know it's a mouthful. Um, the next part of it. The shared documents drive which contains our operations manual The operations manual is about 1,300 pages. So I don't expect you to go through and read it word for word.

 That would be crazy It does have a table of contents though with links in it So you can click on a link in the table of contents. You can go right to wherever you know, you want to see There's also a lot of other useful information in there, you know example layouts, you know construction estimates You know, floor plan layouts, diagrams of how the rooms are set up. You know, like inventory templates, really just the entire collective knowledge database of iSmash that you could possibly need can be found in that shared docs drive.

 And access to that will be given in that email as well. Are you guys going the SBA route for this? Yeah. Okay. So yeah, there's a lot of useful information for that in there as well. It's called the startup and loan documents folder. If I'm remembering it correctly, that contains a bunch of documents that we've already submitted to the SBA in the past that you can kind of use as templates. And those documents have already been approved.

 So it makes it a lot easier on you guys. You don't have to try and figure out what I need to submit, how I need to submit it. We already have stuff that's been approved across the board. So that's all in there for you. Um, and then are you guys gonna need us to introduce you with our like sba guy?

6:08 - Divya
We use or do you guys have someone in mind already? No, we don't have anyone in mind.

6:15 - Kevin Macmaster
So I think the introduction will be helpful Okay, great. Yeah, I can do that. I can add that onto the list. I'll um, let me just jot that down Okay, cool, all right Next item on my list is the pre opening checklist. We use a project management software called Asana. It's basically just the entirety of all the tasks that you'll have to do from the day you sign until the day you open, which sounds pretty daunting.

 But it really is nice and segmented. So everything's built on with dependencies and whatnot. So as you complete certain tasks, you know, the next batch of tasks will open and so on and so forth. So it kind of guides you through process and doesn't just plop a bunch of stuff on your plate all at once. Some of the tasks have subtasks underneath them. There's descriptions, links, attachments, so you can kind of get an idea of what you actually need to be doing for a specific task if you're not sure.

 And then if you have questions about anything, you can always just leave a comment right on the task itself and me and Steven will get notified and we can get back to you pretty quickly. So it's a nice place for us to collaborate as well if you're having issues with anything that's going on. And then let me see next one. We'll skip over that one though. It's not relevant anymore. Next one is the one that most people usually tend to have the most questions about, which is the site selection process.

 So for site selection, we use a commercial brokerage called locate.ai. They're one of the biggest in the nation. And basically what they do is They utilize cell phone data to rank the spaces we find all against each other, essentially. They've come up with a bunch of different data tools and everything to kind of compare all the stores and help rank sites. How it'll work is we'll set you up with our national partner who represents iSmash as a whole.

 His name's Peter. And then he'll actually find a local broker who's on the ground in Seattle to do the groundwork. Who you can actually like meet with to go on site tours, and who has actual local connections in the community who can help you get things moving a little faster. That's always a useful resource because they'll really be able to get you the most amount of information as possible, which is why we like this kind of mixed concept of like a large national firm with the backing it has, but then you also have still that local touch where you actually still get to go out and site tour with someone who you actually see face-to-face.



8:49 - Divya
be the person who will be in touch with us to go for the sites or will you guys select some sites and then send us for saying, Hey, this is the, here's the location and this is what it is. Is that how it works?

9:01 - Kevin Macmaster
So what we'll do is we'll set you up with, um, we'll basically do an intro call with locate, um, with Peter and he'll just kind of give you the brief rundown of the platform, the software they use, and he'll give you guys access to it so you can utilize it as well. And then once we get that out of the way, he'll actually find a local broker. We'll do another call with the local broker who will kind of, we'll debrief them on exactly what we want, what we're looking for, everything like that.

 And then they'll be the ones who actually submit sites. It'll all be done on their platform. It's basically like a, it's kind of like a Google maps interface in a way where all the sites that we find, we plot it on there and you can go and click around on them and there'll be rental rate information and all that. Um, And then, yeah, so the little gold broker will be the one who's actually like on the ground finding the sites.

 They'll upload them in there. We'll set up site review calls. We'll go through it. We'll see like, all right, we want to look at these three sites. And then you guys will go out and actually tour them, take photos, videos, and then we'll go from there. Okay. Here, give me one second. My dog's being annoying.

10:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Sorry. She likes to bother me when I get home. I get home right at five.

10:15 - Kevin Macmaster
So I just got home here. So now she's like, Hey, what are you doing? This isn't a work time.

10:27 - Divya
So she's an Australian shepherd.

10:30 - Kevin Macmaster
Nice.

10:31 - Divya
What is her name?

10:33 - Kevin Macmaster
Sydney. She's got a lot of energy.

10:36 - Divya
Is it because it's from Australia?

10:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

10:38 - Kevin Macmaster
I mean, it does fit. I mean, that might've been some of the, uh, the inspiration behind the name now that I think of it. Um, I never really put the correlation together before, but yeah, that's a good point. Shocked after having her for all these years, I never really put that together, but yeah, it probably did play a bit of a role in my mind. Yeah. Um, did you have any more questions about the site selection aspect or how works or anything?



11:03 - Divya
No, we, I know it's like in the market here in Washington, it's a pretty hard market. And I know building from ground up is probably very, very, very expensive. So I want to see a perspective how iSmash is going to do that. Or looking into when I talked to Steven, one thing he mentioned was like the strip mall. And I think that's a very good idea. So I'm looking forward to see what they have to say as, uh, in respect to, uh, the property itself, like, you know, the kind of property that you would be looking at.



11:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

11:39 - Kevin Macmaster
I mean, that's typically the setting we go for is like those strip mall or like retail center markets. Um, we don't really like, we're not going to really build the building ourselves from ground up. You won't have to do that because you're right. That would cost millions. We're not doing that. We're not making you go down that much of an intensive route. Um, Yeah, and Peter himself also, once we do the intro call with them, he's a little bit more in tune with explaining it than I am.

 He's a little bit better at it because he's been doing it for much longer. So he definitely gives a more comprehensive breakdown of how it works and everything. So I'll send the intro email to him as well once we get off this call, and then we can probably get something scheduled early next week for that. Okay, perfect. And then next item on my list is the contracting team we use. So we have an in-house construction team who, unlike typical construction teams, they're actually a part of the process from pretty much the day you start searching for sites all the way until the day you actually get open.

 This is really beneficial because it helps give you full transparency on what things are going to cost build-out-wise from, you know, the very get-go. So you can make the most informed decision possible when you're actually negotiating terms on these spaces. Um, he's been a huge value add to us as a franchise. Um, he saved franchisees probably tens of thousands of dollars at this point, just by noticing things in language that didn't pertain to how the site actually was.

 Um, so he's definitely a great resource. Um, the hope is, is that once you see what he provides during the, you know, pre build process that you decide to use him for the full design and build services. However, it's not obligated for you to do. Um, so if you want to use your own contractor or your own, you know, architectural firm to do the build out and to do the drawings, you can, um, we obviously recommend using him since he's familiar with everything, but it's not, you know, obligated for you to do so.

 Yeah. Um, yeah, he'll provide, you know, budgets on build out spaces, you know, floor plans, things like that. So he definitely helps give you a full picture of what you're getting into before you actually start putting any money anywhere. Um, and I'll set up. An intro with him as well, probably next week.

13:52 - Divya
Is he in local, like in, is he in Washington or is he?

13:56 - Kevin Macmaster
So he's, he's based in Philadelphia, but he has a team of, uh, employees who he can send out wherever. Um, so like right now they're doing the build in Raleigh for the Raleigh store. Um, so he basically has a traveling team that he can send out to wherever the store needs to be built, um, that are just w two employees. And then he also, you know, if he needs to subcontract, work in certain regions, he can do that as well.

 But typically, he tries to do it all in house.

14:23 - Divya
Is it expensive for people to come out from a different place to come and build it here? Or does he have like locals that he has in connection with? Like, I'm just trying to understand like, if you're sending people from a different state, is it more expensive?

14:38 - Kevin Macmaster
Or is it going to be the same price? Um, it's pretty much included in it's not too much more expensive. Because you're really not, he kind of factors it into the entire build out as itself and like his profit margins. Um, so it doesn't increase the bottom line of what you're paying dramatically. Um, cause you know, he's doing a lot of these projects with us on a large scale. So he eats some of those costs since his thought process is okay.

 I'm not just building one of these, like I'm going to be building a hundred of these. So yeah. So that cost doesn't really push down on you as it normally would be if you were doing this on like a one off me.

15:15 - Divya
Okay.

15:15 - Kevin Macmaster
But any other questions about that part of it? Yeah. And then he'll, like I said, kind of similar with the site selection thing, he'll give a very comprehensive breakdown of exactly how it works. He is definitely very good at explaining it, and he loves to talk about it. So he will give you a very comprehensive understanding of it. Next thing on my list here is we have an iSmash chat GBT knowledge database that I actually just made about a week and a half ago.

 It has basically everything that's in that shared Google Drive. It has pretty much all the information that's in there within it to use as a reference. So if there's ever a point where you need a quick answer to a question or you can't get a hold of me and Steven for some reason, that's a resource you can use if you just need a quick answer. I've asked it some pretty complicated questions and I have yet to get it to stump itself and be like, yeah, I can't answer this.

 So that's a really resource you can use if you want. I've already had a bunch of franchisees utilize it and say it's been very helpful for them. So that's just another thing, you know, to help extra support you. And then the last thing I have here is the Franchisee Facebook group, which is pretty much self-explanatory. It's just a franchise Facebook group we have with all the other franchisees, both open operating and pre-opening.

 You don't have to join it by any means, but if you you want to, you know, it's a nice resource to just kind of collaborate with other franchisees, ask questions, see what other people had issues with, see how other people dealt with things. So it's just a nice resource to have to kind of collaborate with stuff. So that'll be included in the onboarding email as well. And then, oh, that actually wasn't my last thing.

 Very last thing is, I'm assuming you guys both just want to be included on all the communications. Is there like one of you who wants to be the primary contact and then you'll just form the other or.

17:11 - Divya
Primary for this one and like I'll tag but in anything that's needed. Usually even right now he's just working. Yeah, I had a feeling that's what was going on.

17:23 - Kevin Macmaster
So you're sitting in a typical laptop using. Yeah, so I kind of put it together.

17:29 - Divya
So if there are times when I'm not able to do it, probably he'll be the one taking on today. That. But yes, you can send all the primary things to me. Okay, cool.

17:41 - Kevin Macmaster
And then for us, I mean, most of the communication is done over email. I'm assuming that's probably not an issue for you. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. And then if you ever need to like something urgently, and you need to, you know, give us a call or something. Usually you try me first, because I'm a little easier to get ahold of than Steven is, because he's on his phone like 24 seven. So if you ever need urgently, you can always give me a call.

 And then if I'm unable to answer or address the issue, you can always call him or I can just ask him because usually I'm working pretty close by side. So email, um, yeah, when I send out the onboarding email, it's in my signature in there. So all my, uh, my email itself, my like a phone number. And then I also have a link to like a calendar in there. So if you ever want to schedule a call with me, whenever you want, you can do that as as well.

 Perfect.

18:33 - Divya
I'll add you onto my contacts now. Beautiful.

18:35 - Kevin Macmaster
Um, but yeah, that's pretty much it for my spiel. Um, I went through it a little faster. I guess I'm getting better at this. I've had to do a bunch of these this week. So, um, do you guys have any questions about anything?

18:50 - Divya
No, we are excited to get on board when I smash. Uh, so I know, uh, the FDD was changing and, uh, how many is, uh, now operating for, uh, mesh right now?

19:01 - Kevin Macmaster
So there are seven open and operating. On the FDD itself, I believe there will only be numbers for four of them because it only includes stores that have been open for a full calendar year. So Omaha, Vegas, and Reno will be excluded since they haven't been open for a full year yet. But those stores, Vegas and Reno, we just opened those at the end of August. And then Omaha, we opened in May and those are doing very well.

 Omaha specifically since I mean they've had more run time but Omaha has really kind of surprised us with being where it is in relativity to the rest of the country. They are doing crazy numbers in a market like Omaha, Nebraska. So definitely helping to prove the concept and we can't wait to get them on the FDD honestly because it does make it look that much better.

19:54 - Divya
It makes a difference just have a see like, you know, more, more number of, uh, uh, stores that are open and you know, you don't have to have a second thought on it. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

20:05 - Kevin Macmaster
So the, I think the most updated FDD, I think we are launching it in like the next two or three weeks. I'm not a hundred percent sure. Cause that's more Steven's wheelhouse. He kind of deals with all that stuff with the attorneys and everything. Um, but I believe that we've been working on it for a while and I think in the next two weeks or so, it'll be done and pushed out. Yeah. Hopefully, at least because I've been working on that with him for a while.

 He pretty much just asked me to do stuff for it. And I'm like, yeah, I can get it done. And then I'm like, alright, so and I keep getting tasks for it. And I'm like, there's no way this isn't done yet. I don't know how but should be any any week now.

20:45 - Divya
So do you see any difference? Like, like you just said, Oh, Omaha is doing really well. Do you see why that is? After the other stores?

20:54 - Kevin Macmaster
To be honest with you, in my opinion, the owner is really great. He really understands how to market his business. He's very hands-on and he understands the importance of having a presence in the community and being a good outlet. It also helps that he is in Omaha, Nebraska, which to be honest with you, there is not a whole lot to do there because I've been there personally. And really what they have the most of is a lot of restaurants, but like in terms of something like I smash, you know, they've never seen anything like it there.

 So it makes sense that it was a hit, you know, cause they just, there's not a lot to do there. Um, but then it also has to do with, you know, like the space he was able to get and it's in a really good area. He was able to get a really good deal on it. There's a lot of factors that go into it, but definitely the owners and their involvement and like their understanding of the marketing and like being hands on and that kind of thing is important to it.

 You can really get as much or as little out of it as you put into it, you know. So that that's the how I would describe why he's doing so well. But it's not to say the other stores aren't. The other stores are also doing well. You know, it's not to downplay them by any means. Yeah, that one was just the biggest, I guess, surprise to us because we didn't expect Omaha to be doing the kind of numbers that it is because of where it is.



22:17 - Divya
What is a typical size of a store? What is a good size? What is the size of Omaha? I think Omaha is a bit of an exception.

22:25 - Kevin Macmaster
I think theirs is about 8,000 square feet, but the reason theirs is so big is because we really just happened to come across a really good deal and we got a really cheap rental rate on it from the landlord because they just wanted to get rid of it. It was extra space. Typically we're shooting for, if you want to do all three activities, it would have to be anywhere from like 5,000 to 7,000 square feet.



22:50 - Divya
So when you say all three activities, can you tell me?

22:54 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, so if you want to have paint, smash, and axe, you would need at least 5,000 square feet to fit everything in there comfortably. It would be a little compact at 5,000. We typically like to be at at least 5,500. But I can fit it in 5,000 if need be. If you wanted to only do like the smash and paint activities, which would be like our store in Farmingdale and some other stores are looking into doing that as well.

 That would be, I would say a minimum of like 3,500 to 4,000 square feet. So it's really up to you on what kind of configuration you want and how you want it to be set up.

23:32 - Divya
Yeah, I think we want all three.

23:34 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, that's what most people opt for. Most people like to go that route. Um, really the store in Farmingdale did it that way. It was just because Long Island is difficult to find spaces that big just because of the nature of the area. So it made more sense for her to go to the smaller configuration in like her location. She's right on main street.

23:55 - Divya
So it's a great, great spot for her. And does this also include like a party area or is it just the square foot that you're talking about is just for those, uh, areas? Or does it include the party area as well?

24:07 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, that includes, you know, the event rooms, the gear rooms, get ready in the storage area. Okay, everything. Yeah, and then the activity areas themselves. Okay, that's not bad.

24:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

24:16 - Kevin Macmaster
And then it obviously varies a little bit too on like the way the space is configured. Also, you know, like if you get like a space that's like a very odd shape or something and make be a little more difficult to fit in 5000. But if you just get like rectangle or square box, fitting it in 5000 is easy. So it kind of depends on a lot of other factors as well.

24:40 - Divya
Okay, that sounds good.

24:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

24:41 - Kevin Macmaster
Any questions about anything else? I think that is it for now.

24:45 - Divya
I'm sure we'll have more to talk.

24:47 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, everybody always does. I'm used to it. So the questions will get more interesting and more in depth. Not to say your questions weren't interesting. That's not what I meant. But you get what I'm saying.

25:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

25:00 - Kevin Macmaster
But yeah, so I will send out the onboarding email right after we get off of this. That'll have my contact info and a bunch of links in it to all the things we discussed in here. Um, and then I'll probably wait till tomorrow morning to send out the intro emails for locating, uh, the contracting guys just cause it's a little later for them since they're on the East coast. So I don't want them to miss them.

 Um, so I'll send those out tomorrow morning and then we will, uh, hit the ground running.

25:25 - Divya
Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much, Kevin. It was nice talking to you.

25:28 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. You guys and talking to you as well.

25:31 - Divya
Yeah. And so the next call will be with the contractor or the real estate person. One or the other.

25:37 - Kevin Macmaster
Um, it kind of depends on their schedules, which one I get to you first. Um, I typically try to do the site selection one first, cause it kind of just makes more sense. Um, doesn't always pan out that way, but that's the way I typically try to do it. So most likely it will be Peter.

25:54 - Divya
For all of those, uh, does this time kind of okay? I like, you know having around two thirty three o'clock.

26:00 - Kevin Macmaster
Um, yeah, I mean we can typically make those work Since most of us are on the east coast You might we might have to get a little creative, but it shouldn't be an issue We have a lot of franchisees who are on the west coast so we can usually make it work Okay, perfect.

26:15 - Divya
I appreciate that.

26:16 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, no problem We're uh, we're here to help you guys be as successful as possible. So I gotta move my schedule around a bit it's no skin off my back.

26:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you, Kevin.

26:25 - Divya
It was nice talking to you.

26:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

26:27 - Kevin Macmaster
Nice talking to you guys. Nice meeting you.

26:30 - Divya
And yeah, we'll be talking soon. Sure. Bye.

26:33 - Kevin Macmaster
Take care. Have a good night guys. Well, I guess rest of your day.

26:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Bye.