iSMASH - Site Discussion
Thu, Mar 27, 2025

0:00 - Unidentified Speaker
invite?

0:00 - Carrie Walker
I invited everybody that was on that last thread. Yes, he was on it. Let me see if he accepted it or not.

0:14 - Unidentified Speaker
He accepted it.

0:16 - Steven Shortino
We work in the same office, so I'm just gonna text him. Cool.

0:24 - Carrie Walker
We can wait a minute then. Yeah, he did accept.

0:31 - Unidentified Speaker
David, how's it going? Hi. Hi, Steven. Great. How are you? Hi, Carrie.

0:35 - Steven Shortino
Good, good. Hello.

0:37 - Divya
Nice to meet you in person.

0:39 - Carrie Walker
I know we've emailed, but we haven't chatted, so. Yeah, nice to see you too. Yeah, I'm sorry.

0:46 - Steven Shortino
I haven't talked to you guys since, I think, maybe like the initial call. I got sick, and then Kevin's sort of just been handling it since then.

0:56 - Divya
How are you doing now, Steven?

0:59 - Steven Shortino
Oh, much better. I was just down for probably about a week. But I just sort of kept letting Kevin handle it because he was just on all the other stuff.

1:12 - Carrie Walker
They were in good hands. Awesome.

1:15 - Steven Shortino
I think we were going to just go through some of the Yes.

1:22 - Carrie Walker
Yeah. So there's, it's a little more challenging than I was originally thinking. I mean, the vacancy, I know I mentioned when we first talked, vacancy is like two and a half percent in the Puget Sound. It's very hard to find space. My hope was that we could capitalize on some of the kind of weird, awkward spaces that maybe are harder for landlords to lease, or, you know, some creative space, but there hasn't been as much as I was hoping, especially in, you know, the bottle market that you guys are originally kind of had your eyes on.

 So it's taken me a little bit more time to dig up some opportunities. So I do apologize about that. Some of these I'm going to present, I am still waiting for confirmation or they're checking, you know, with the landlord, but I'll kind of pull up just everything that I did dig up. Some of these are going to be, excuse me, way more expensive than what you're wanting, but I wanted to show you what was available.

 And so you do see it. I have added some of those sites to locate website. Are you guys able to access that now? Are you up and running on locate?

2:30 - Bharath Mysore
We were able to look at the initial set of five or six sites that you guys have sent out. Great.

2:38 - Carrie Walker
So yeah, that's a few of them. Yeah, so I'm going to just share a spreadsheet because that's kind of more how I stay organized. And then we can drop them into Locate so you can see the data. But then that way, that's just how I do my initial search. And then I kind of dump them into Locate. And the ones that I did dump in, most of those I had already reached out. I don't like to necessarily put them in there if I don't even know if they're going to be an option for you.

 Because a lot of times people see it and they get super excited. And I'm like, oh, never mind. It's not available. So I try to vet them out the best I can before that. Oops, I accidentally disclosed.

3:12 - Steven Shortino
What do you guys want to share screen so we can all see?

3:15 - Carrie Walker
I'm going to share mine and I accidentally just closed the screen I was trying to share. So give me two seconds here. I went from a PC to a Mac and I swear I don't know what I'm doing. I feel like I'm in like trying to learn computers again. I'm like, this is ridiculous. I need to just go back to a PC with what I know. Cause I'm like always closing windows or moving things. I'm like, where do they go?

 Um, then I just closed my locate site. There we go. Okay. So I'm going to just share my, um, my screen. Hopefully, I'm going to move back there. Sure, hopefully you can see the spreadsheet.

3:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

3:51 - Steven Shortino
Right there. So I'm just going to kind of go down in order, kind of small.

3:58 - Carrie Walker
Just to clarify, the ones that you put in locate, are those the ones that have sort of been like fully vetted?

4:08 - Steven Shortino
Because those are the ones that I had gone through. Yes, yes.

4:13 - Carrie Walker
So those have all been fully vetted, the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Yeah. Would you prefer I start with that?

4:21 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, yeah. Let's just do that. Okay. Because I'm probably not going to be able to give much of an opinion on the ones that I haven't looked at because... No problem.

4:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

4:32 - Carrie Walker
Nope. That's fine. Yeah. So I just brought over the locate screen. Can you see that now?

4:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Are you still?

4:40 - Carrie Walker
Okay, perfect. Okay, so 607 Marketplace. This was a Zoom room, so a dog training facility, so it's pretty wide open. They did a lot of work to it when they came in. They will consider the use. It's 6,020 square feet. They will consider the use. However, the landlord, I believe, gave this tenant quite a bit of ti. And I don't think they utilize their full term. So they're telling me that there's no tenant recruitment allowance that they would be willing to offer.

 But it's, you know, relatively clean space that you might have to do a little bit of work there. But pretty decent location. I know this wasn't your initial target neighborhood or you know, city that you wanted to be in. Again, this is I did have to expand out the search. So some of these might not be right in that area. But So this is one potential option. It's an end cap. It's, you know, like I said, pretty wide open space.

 The best, they don't have any pictures on their brochure, but the best way is just to like take a look at the Zoom Room Everett's website and you can see some pretty good photos of what it looked like before.

5:54 - Steven Shortino
I think this was probably my, this is probably like my top option just in terms of like the economics. And I mean, even though backside of the plaza does have some really good visibility from the street, which I think was pretty good. I mean, the no TI thing definitely hurts a little bit. We'd have to see what the inside of it looks like, I mean, would we get any kind of concessions, like free rent, anything like that?



6:20 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, I think they'll get free rent. He just made it very clear that there's not going to be any TI and that they're going to be pretty strict on finance. Trying to find some photos of, but here's a good image of the inside. So it was like a

6:36 - Steven Shortino
But it was just like a dog grooming place, a dog training facility.

6:41 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, so it's wide open and they didn't have any columns or anything in this space because of the dogs running around. So it's just pretty much wide open.

6:52 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, I actually the the layout actually looks pretty decent I smash I see if they do have a double door in the back, but it looks like it's elevated. So that's could be. Could be challenging. But yeah, I I do like this one. I think just with all of the Options pulled this was probably like the one that stuck out to me most. Like I think the rental right here is very stomachable.

7:21 - Bharath Mysore
And is this like a full hall kind of a thing? There's no rooms or anything of that sort. It looks like just two rooms.

7:30 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, so there's a maybe an office or a storage room here two restrooms and then another like Maybe a little office.

7:38 - Bharath Mysore
And this is their current plan that they have? Yeah, I assume that's the current plan.

7:43 - Carrie Walker
I can get confirmation This is you know, just their marketing flyer, but all so I'm assuming this was accurate as to how it's currently built out Okay.

7:54 - Unidentified Speaker
And sorry, one more question.

7:56 - Bharath Mysore
Does it have, Steven, probably you can answer this. Do we need like for the things to come in, the inventory to come in, which has like electronics and whatnot, do we need some kind of a ramp into it, a location, or like a way to get the stuff inside easily? It looks like from the plan, and there are stairs leading up to the entrance.

8:25 - Steven Shortino
Could we go to Google Earth and just take a look at the slides? So you will need some opening large enough to get those items through. It could either be a double door, a garage door, a loading dock. You just need some kind of opening that's large enough to get a pallet into.

8:43 - Carrie Walker
That's really the biggest thing.

8:44 - Steven Shortino
So there's a double door up front. Can you go further down this way? Yeah, a little bit.

8:50 - Carrie Walker
Because that's I think that's their entrance there.

8:54 - Steven Shortino
So that probably would work. I'd be curious. The problem is, I don't know, because that is dock height because of those bumpers right there. Oh, yeah. So yeah, that's what you'd want to use to load and unload is right there. So yeah, that would work. OK. It's weird. OK. Yeah, okay, there is a double door there. Gotcha. Yeah, so I would probably say that that floor plan that's on the flyer is most likely current, if I had to guess.



9:25 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, because I know before I had, like, I don't know what it was before Zoom Room, but I remember seeing a space that was on the market before, and there was, like, tons of lockers and build-outs, so I don't know if it was, like, part of a gem, but so I'm assuming that that is current layout.

9:40 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, no, I just I like the area where you can put a sign. I mean, that's really compelling. Obviously, it doesn't have great visibility like in the plaza, but I think you can make up with it with like the street visibility you have for sure.

10:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

10:09 - Carrie Walker
Okay. That's number one. Pacific Plaza. So this one, I'm trying to get confirmation of the price. It's a price really high. A lot of times when you'll see a space on the market, it'll be a range like $20 to $35 or something along those lines. The smaller the space usually in that range, if they demise it, it's going to be more expensive. But usually if you take the whole thing, it's it's less expensive.

 This and then I'm hoping that's the case here because this is price I think was at 35 bucks a square foot, which for the size of space is pretty large, especially the space where it's at within the center. So I am she did confirm the use and I'm trying to get confirmation of what the rent will actually be. The one thing about this space is it's there's no restrooms currently it's just an empty shell which could be great because then you just come in and put them you want, but it is going to take some more work.

 And I'm trying to understand exactly, you know, where the landlord sits on giving a tenant improvement allowance. She did say they will give some, but how much I'm not sure.

11:19 - Steven Shortino
So I'm trying to feel her out and get a better idea on that. Gotcha. Yeah, I think that this is I'm doing the math. Correct. This is starting at over 20,000 a month might be like, yeah, it's a big number. Yeah, definitely.

11:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

11:35 - Carrie Walker
So my hope is that that rent number is wrong because $35 for that size space in this market, it's really high. So are you just guesstimating that number or is this just- No, that's what they're marketing. That's what their number is. That's what they're marketing at is $35. Yeah. So my thought was maybe that was if they were to demise it, the smaller spaces would be $35 per square foot. But for the size of space in this market, $35 seems steep.

 So I'm trying to confirm with her what their thought process is on that, especially being a shell.

12:08 - Steven Shortino
Right. Yeah, probably, we would probably need to get that down quite a bit for it to be viable, which you never know. Sometimes you can, sometimes you can't. You never know until you start. Yeah, because everything else, I mean, yeah, so this was 35.

12:23 - Carrie Walker
You have a couple that are a little bit higher, but most of the other spaces are, you know, mid upper 20s or lower 20s so it's just for what it is it seems seems high um okay back here so I'll fill you guys in on that I'll update it and put some notes in there and then we can maybe refocus on it on if that would be of interest but I do like the fact I mean it's unfortunate it doesn't have restrooms but the fact that it is a shell that gives you a pretty good opportunity to come in and build it out the way you would like Yeah, I'd probably just want to have some kind of

13:02 - Steven Shortino
There, though. If it's a shell, it's going to be, I mean, depending on the kind of shell, it's going to be more potentially more expensive than usual.

13:12 - Carrie Walker
Yeah. So, so I will continue to try to get some more information on that one. Gateway Plaza, they did confirm that they think the landlord's okay with this. The biggest issue on this property is trash. I guess the trash is very expensive and a concern for them on, you know, for any future tenants. So they will want a better understanding of how you dispose of the debris and how that all works. Because, you know, they have to increase the trash that could be a concern to the landlord.

 Is it like a shared trash area?

13:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Is that why? Yeah.

13:51 - Steven Shortino
Gotcha. Yeah, we do generate considerably more waste than the average tenant. So does sound like some, I mean, I guess the question is, is, is it like a matter of like, a couple hundred dollars a month? Are they talking like a couple thousand dollars a month? Who knows? Yeah, yeah. And we didn't get into that detail.

14:09 - Carrie Walker
He just was like, Hey, just an FYI, you know, this is one concern that will landlord will have and have a better understanding of the model on how that works. And maybe it's something where you just, you take on your own trash bin, versus, you know, using the property, the community one.

14:26 - Steven Shortino
So I think this was like my this was probably my number two. I really liked this one. I mean, it is a little bit smaller than I'm sure we would have wanted, but the economics work and they make sense for for iSmash. So I, that's the reason why I do like this, this site. What is the waste you maybe on a weekly basis? Usually it's about, we advise franchises to start out with two four yard containers.

 And eventually once they get busier, they might need three or like the average tenant usually doesn't generate enough weights in a week, even feel like one two yard container. So, but it's just like, it's part of our business.

15:13 - Bharath Mysore
And what about the other two properties that you mentioned, are the tenant, are the landlord okay with the trash? Is that covered?

15:20 - Carrie Walker
So that's not, this one was specifically brought up by the brokers being a concern to, to the landlord. So those conversations that haven't been had on those other sites. Um, so something that we'll want to address or at least make sure they have the area to be able to bring in those bins. But this one, he specifically was like, Hey, FYI, you know, this is going to be a concern about the landlord.

 So that tells me that they probably have issues throughout the center already. As it being a concern just with trash so just something to note and address and you know more than likely there's probably a way to work around it as long as we are just you know up front with with

16:00 - Steven Shortino
what we need. Yeah I'd say like usually it's not usually it's not a problem they have designated areas in the usually the back of the shopping center for those dumpsters to go. All right perfect.

16:14 - Carrie Walker
So, um, okay.

16:16 - Unidentified Speaker
I have a question.

16:18 - Bharath Mysore
So here at the Gateway Plaza, it's 4,000 square feet. The one in Marketplace is 6,000 square feet, but the rents are almost the same.

16:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Why is that?

16:33 - Bharath Mysore
Can you go back? Yeah, here in the price, rent slash price column.

16:41 - Carrie Walker
Oh, over here. So this is you're saying this is the same as 607 Yes, because the 607 marketplaces is very inexpensive as far as the cost per square foot But so that's why it's bigger but if the rent is less and then here the triple net is at Gateway the triple nets pretty high at 1127 and at 607 at 699 So you're gonna get a lot more space for your money at 2007.

17:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Fred Meyer. There's no brochure on this one.

17:15 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, these were interesting, but like I just feel like they're like too small.

17:23 - Steven Shortino
Like that's just going to be like very, very confined for like a 4,000 square foot space, which I mean, I'm not opposed to feel like we should pursue the other ones.

17:41 - Carrie Walker
If this were me I would pursue the other ones first. Yeah. And this one I have the broker supposed to be getting back to me on if the landlord is OK with the use or not. I haven't heard back but Yeah 4000 this one's on the smaller side. And then the former Goodyear. Um they they sent me some language on the restrictions with um I think it's sky zone that they have there it's one of the trampoline parks um the concern there is that they are going to restrict the use like family entertainment so we're trying to figure out that a little bit more this project has um could be very interesting they have top golf coming in um and then you have um and this would be out in this pad

18:36 - Steven Shortino
right here um it was a former good year okay former good I'm just trying to see where this is in the map okay I got it yeah I uh I don't think sky zone will be a problem because like we actually like know them so like I'm sure if if it was an issue I could probably probably talk to somebody over there.

19:03 - Carrie Walker
And she'd be like, I believe it's guys and I'm trying to confirm which one. We have so many bouncy house plays urban air. Sorry, it's urban air. And they're exclusive red.

19:15 - Steven Shortino
Okay, we actually know them too.

19:18 - Carrie Walker
So okay, yeah, it's an indoor amusement park, family amusement center, family fun center, trampoline park, adventure park, yada, yada, yada. So I mean, I fine unless you guys are considered like indoor amusement but just something to to know that we might have to work yeah you know no no understood and like I said if we have any issues I can probably make some phone calls and I get to talk to somebody awesome so this one is a little bit on the smaller side as well the 4100 I'm trying to you know just give every opportunity that we have out there but um as far as what's going on in this project It's got a lot going on.



19:57 - Steven Shortino
So, yeah, no, this one's, uh, this one's interesting. I mean, the rental raise really good. I mean, considering where it is, I guess the question is, is like, why is it, why is it so cheap? I feel like this should be more expensive. It's just been sitting from my understanding.

20:13 - Carrie Walker
It's been sitting just for a long time and the landlord wasn't really trying to do anything on it. And now they're like, okay, we should, they were focused on getting the floor and the ordeal done, that's relatively new. And now they're like, okay, let's focus on getting this done. They had a lease, or they were almost to lease with a tile, or not a tile company, but some kind of construction supply company.

 And my understanding, that just fell out.

20:42 - Steven Shortino
So they haven't been super motivated to get anything done on it historically.

20:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Gotcha. Makes sense.

20:49 - Bharath Mysore
And the marketplace is right near where you target here right on in this in this diagram in this map yeah the 607 marketplace yeah I think that is where the marketplace is yeah so that this is the other space

21:07 - Carrie Walker
here and then this is the one that the Goodyear that we're talking about so bigger space still maybe be able to capital the momentum of her at the mall.

21:22 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, yeah, I was going to say that one's like right right there. Yeah, that was kind of another reason why I liked that other one is because I remember looking at this and thinking the same thing. So I guess just now from after reviewing these broth and Divya, what are your guys's thoughts like, of these the ones that you would consider wanting to move forward on?

21:52 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah I think we like as you said Steven like we kind of also from the broaches at least we like 607 marketplace no doubt about that that was also our like first pick among all the things over there. The other this one and the 4001 it isn't it's on a smaller site so we don't have like we didn't look into that. Since we said it should be 5,000 or above, we were looking at the other options.

22:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Gotcha.

22:27 - Steven Shortino
So you guys are on mute if you're talking.

22:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, Divya, I think you were on mute.

22:37 - Divya
The whole time I thought I was talking. No, I I agree. And me and Bharath kind of looked into that as well. And yes, our first choice was the Zoom room. Yes. We kind of also agree on that. And it looks like the approach is nice. The building looks nice. And of course, once we get inside, we'll be able to see and, you know, Steven and team, they can say if that works or not. But we kind of like first choice is also the Zoom Room.



23:11 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, didn't you say that, Carrie, are they still getting back to us in the youth here or is it like approved or? It's approved on the youth, yeah.

23:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Gotcha.

23:20 - Steven Shortino
I mean it's nice too because we can just put the Smash Rooms on the side that you don't have a neighbor and you don't ever have to worry about noise, noise issues. So yeah, I like it. I mean really the next step from here is getting you guys, I don't know if guys have done any in-person tours with Cary yet, but really getting you guys out there and seeing any of the sites that you're interested in and touring them in person, taking pictures, videos, and then we can reconvene and talk about potential offers.



23:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

23:53 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, we should do that. We have not done that. We were waiting. Probably there could be more. We can have one day scheduled just to go around all the properties. Trying to look into, right? We can do that.

24:09 - Divya
One more question like I know we are looking into the bigger side and you said one of the site which was like 4000 plus. Is it still OK for having a 4000 plus?

24:23 - Bharath Mysore
Is it still a good enough model?

24:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Does that?

24:27 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, I I would say so. I mean we have we have that are that size. I mean, again, it's going to be a smaller facility, but you can still make it work. I think the 4,500 square foot one that was that out parcel that we're like, we said the trash was going to be an issue. I think that we could probably fit all three activities. We would just need to have probably one less axle lane. And again, it's just going to be like a lot of things are going to be smaller, but I mean, you can still make it The ones that are only like 4000, you can probably only do the smashing and painting activities in there.

 You're not going to be able to fit the axe throwing.

25:11 - Divya
I think we would like to have like all three activities, considering of the area where there are so many places of indoor places coming up. And I know there is one more place like five minutes drive from there. There is called a flying squirrel. So that is also a trampoline park which is pretty big and huge so I would like to have it on a bigger site just so we have enough space like even for to host a party there.



25:41 - Steven Shortino
Yeah I mean you can still host parties in the 4,500 square feet like I said it's just like it's a smaller scale model if you guys will kind of want to see what that looks like I spaces that are around that size if you ever want to like take a look.

26:00 - Divya
Yeah if you can send that I think that would be great for us to compare to see you know what would be the things that we will be missing if we go into a smaller site size like let's say we are moving into a second location where it's Kirkland and Bellevue right it will still be there you won't be finding a bigger plot at that time so that way we have those so if you can share that That would be great, Steven.



26:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

26:25 - Steven Shortino
I mean, really the biggest things are going to be like, you're going to have a smaller lobby. You're going to have a smaller storage area. You're going to have maybe one less gear room. You're going to have one less ax lane. Like there's just all these like little areas that you sort of like take away from, but like, if it's a really good spot and you really like it and the numbers make sense, like I always tell people like you should, you should go with it because we have stores that are in smaller spots that are doing, doing very well.

 Um, you know, it's just like any, any kind of like tenant or user, like they have a range of which they can make it work and they just, they figure out how to, how to make it happen, whether it's smaller or larger. But yeah, I, I think that probably the 607 marketplace is the most logical option because you'll be able to fit everything and it'll be kind of, kind of comfortable to fit everything. There's also a couple of restrooms, like the restrooms there are already sufficient.

 So that saved you. Quite a bit on cost, same with the double door. That's also already there. So yeah, I guess that's my thoughts, but I'd want to wait for Carrie to get maybe just a few more sites back and just see if anything else comes up that would be a contender and that we can look at everything together.

27:37 - Carrie Walker
I can go over a couple more. I would just pull up my list of other sites and a lot of them are on that smaller 4,000 square foot range. There is one other that could be interesting, I do have two other offers on it, but it's larger. It's 6,100 square feet. And I can pop this into locate, but it's an end cap here. It's a former fitness space. 6,100 square feet, QFC anchored shopping center. So this is Mount Lake Terrace, sorry.



28:11 - Unidentified Speaker
I see.

28:11 - Carrie Walker
Let's see if that's a map. Here, I'll go into. I'll go into the map real quick so you can have a better look. But it's $28 a square foot, $7 triple net. The main thing is just that they do have an offer. I'm going to zoom out so you can kind of see and reference. So Alderwood Mall is up here. So it's just south of Alderwood. I mean, if you're looking, the co-tenancy is definitely going to be better over by the Everett Mall.

 Here, you're very, residential neighborhood. So you're not going to be by, you know, Flying Squirrel and Topgolf and all of that.

28:52 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, I think I know I use this route to commute to my train station here. Yeah, this is purely a residential area.

29:01 - Carrie Walker
Mm hmm.

29:02 - Bharath Mysore
So there is my I take the Mountlake Terrace link. Oh, do you? The train? Yeah. So yeah, I know.

29:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

29:11 - Carrie Walker
So I'll put in there just so you can see how it ranks. And then, can we look at the town center one, which is it's not good. This is a restaurant. This is the one that we'd already talked about. Yeah, and fully built out restaurant, it would not make sense for you guys to come in and get that would be really, really expensive. And most landlords are going to want to keep that infrastructure. And then I did hold of Marketplace building.

 This is the one I had you guys had asked about and I had already reached out and they finally got back to me and their response was they just didn't feel like the model would fit and they didn't think that the the rent would pencil. Not really. I mean, so they weren't super excited about the use there. They've been trying to market the space for a really long time and haven't had any activity. So it was a little bummed to kind of hear that, but I'll continue conversations with them.

 But this is right off a mainstream bottle. But this is a little interesting because it has multiple stories too. And so I don't know how that would work.

30:21 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, that probably would be tough for us anyways. Well, I mean, if they're going to be that picky, I guess it's not surprising that they have not had much success marketing space, to be totally honest. Yeah.

30:33 - Carrie Walker
And a large part of it's a vault too, which removed so then you're limited on what you can even do yeah so I think that's the yeah the main level has the vault oh so we would have like 400

30:46 - Steven Shortino
square feet of like dead space here I mean I guess we might be able to use it for something but yeah I mean with like the multi-story floors and I mean sounds like the rental rate was pretty high and

31:00 - Carrie Walker
yeah yep so that was that one I'm still waiting on king's I haven't heard, I work with this broker on a couple deals and I haven't heard from him in a couple weeks, so I'm not quite sure what's going on. So I don't know if this is going to be an option or not, but it's at a Safeway Anchorage Center and it would be.

31:20 - Bharath Mysore
Can you open the map please?

31:21 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, and I can't remember if it's number two or three.

31:25 - Bharath Mysore
I think I know if it's on the main road in Kingsgate, I believe this is again a resident. Oh yeah, this is again a resident. I used to take 124th going to office sometimes.

31:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

31:36 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah. So definitely more residential, you know, versus again, being over by, by the mall.

31:42 - Carrie Walker
I mean, that's really, I mean, I, I have dug and try to find all the other opportunities, I guess, that are really expanded out of the original area that we were looking and there's, this is, I mean, obviously there could be some more potential options that come available but this is definitely the best of the options that are out there right now. Can we look at the first one which is riverfront business park?

 I don't know yeah yeah so I'm thank you for saying that I am waiting for a response on that one this is more flex industrial type space um so very different from um 607 and I'm waiting this one is yeah this one's them with 700 square foot of office and that will be available in August. The other two are open now but they're small.

32:37 - Steven Shortino
Yeah I think just from the brand standpoint it's probably not going to be like the one that we're the most excited about. Like we really want to be in retail because I think that that's just where we do the best. You basically have like no co-tenancy visibility You have no street visibility. Parking looks fairly limited. Like it's just not really like the type of setting.

33:02 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, flex industrial, like you're not going to have the retail co-tenancy or visibility. Yeah, like we do consider some like flex industrial.

33:10 - Steven Shortino
It's sort of like baked into like where other retail is, but it's really tough when it's in like a setting like this. It's like seems like it's kind of like totally off the path.

33:24 - Carrie Walker
Mm-hmm.

33:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

33:25 - Steven Shortino
We don't really start considering this until we get to like last last resort sort of thing.

33:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Mm-hmm.

33:36 - Carrie Walker
That makes sense. Yeah.

33:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. I think we talked about that one.

33:44 - Carrie Walker
This one I'm still waiting to hear back as well. But this is a sublease.

33:53 - Steven Shortino
So we'd have to try to work on getting a direct deal. Right. I kind of was wondering what was up with the price.

34:05 - Unidentified Speaker
But then. Yeah. Makes sense. Yep.

34:08 - Carrie Walker
Okay, well, I think 607 could be a great option.

34:14 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, no, I think that's nothing's really stuck out to me like that. To be honest I mean the no ti sucks, but just from looking at it. I mean, it's it doesn't seem like it would be like Anything overly crazy from a build out standpoint. So that's at least it's at least good I just I don't know. I'd have talked to my What was that what is ti Ti is the a tenant improvement allowance, basically like- Oh, tenant allowance.



34:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Yeah.

34:52 - Steven Shortino
So they basically indicated that they are not willing to give any of that, but they would probably give you some sort of free rent in place of that maybe. It sounds like something... I guess it's similar to TI. It's just like, it's not money back in your pocket. It's you not paying rent and being able to stack up some money during that time period to sort of like pay yourself back.

35:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

35:19 - Steven Shortino
Which I mean, if we were getting no TI on this deal, we'd probably ask anywhere from like six months to a year on the free run, if we were going to do like a long term deal.

35:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

35:33 - Steven Shortino
So like from here, do you want to just sort of regroup with us, Carrie, maybe like next week, once you hear back on more of the sites, get these guys out for a tour, and then we'll talk about offers

35:48 - Unidentified Speaker
from there. Yep, that sounds good.

35:51 - Steven Shortino
Yeah, sounds good to me.

35:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

35:53 - Carrie Walker
So I will update, you know, anything else into the locate site, and then, like I said, regroup and set up a tour from there.

36:04 - Divya
Look forward to it. Okay. Thank you. Sounds good. Okay. Thanks for being there. Bye.

36:10 - Bharath Mysore
Talk to you soon.

36:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Bye-bye.