PNL Discussion
Thu, Apr 17, 2025

1:05 - Kevin Macmaster
Howdy howdy You're on mute by the way broth if you're trying to talk Hey, hi Kevin. Hey me.

1:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I can hear you.

1:26 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, okay Okay We just bring up the seat that I wanted So we kind of did some back and forth about what kind of, related to the numbers, like how it's going to look and stuff like that. I have some questions related to the PNL statement.

1:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi, Kevin.

1:54 - Kevin Macmaster
Hey, Divya, how you doing?

1:56 - Kevin Macmaster
Doing great.

1:57 - Kevin Macmaster
How are you?

1:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, not bad.

2:00 - Kevin Macmaster
It's nice out here today. It's always good to start the day. Okay, can you see my screen?

2:09 - Bharath Mysore
Um, I know I can. Yep. Okay.

2:13 - Bharath Mysore
Some of the questions that we had is about this one.

2:18 - Bharath Mysore
What does this mean?

2:20 - Kevin Macmaster
Like, so basically, there is a sheet we have, it's called the new concept sheet, where you can have like, different concepts within in your facility outside of the smash paint and ax throwing. So basically that's just a question asking whether or not you are going to have any of those. And if you are, it will increase the baseline bookings revenue number by like, I think it's 5% if it's one 8% of it's two 11% of it's three.

 Um, so if you're only going to have the core three activities, then you can just disregard that. Um, it's usually just for people who are going to have like wired and they have extra room, so they wanna try some of the new concepts.

3:04 - Unidentified Speaker
What are the other concepts they have, Kevin?

3:07 - Kevin Macmaster
I mean, there's a bunch of them. There's like a, there's like a light maze. There's like, there's like the kids themed smash room for like younger kids. It's like more safe. There's this like grid tile game. It's kind of hard to explain, but I can share the spreadsheets in that iSmash shared folder, but I can just send it directly to you guys so you have it.

3:31 - Divya Dee
Okay. Yeah, I didn't know that.

3:33 - Kevin Macmaster
So that will help.

3:34 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, I can send this over to you. Okay. Another one is this one. This is booking value. What does this mean? This? Does it mean that they're expecting 40,000 the first month or something like that?

3:47 - Kevin Macmaster
So it's basically just based on the data we have from the other stores. It's just a rough estimate of what you can expect to do revenue wise in your first month. Um, you know, it could be higher than that. It could be a little lower than that, but that's, we try to be conservative so that when you actually look at this sheet, we're giving you a realistic idea of where you can land and we're not trying to like inflate it.

 You know, most of the stores typically tend to outperform, but we like to keep it conservative. So that way, even in, you know, the worst case scenario, you're not, you know, surprised by anything. I see.

4:25 - Bharath Mysore
And then like this one is like how like how how many hours is this? I thought it's just gonna be Saturday, Sunday and Friday evening. Like how come like this? I just want to understand how this how you guys came up with this number. Was it like a week long thing where weeks were also being busy with the smash room and stuff like that?

4:47 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I mean, it's just based off, you know, the average opening sales in the first month for different store locations and just their average revenue they did and throughout the month. And then that was the average we came up with. Okay. As far as you're asking, like, how do you mean like through the week? I mean, we're open during the week and the weekend. So I mean, all the numbers would accumulate throughout the week and weekend.



5:13 - Unidentified Speaker
That's what you're asking.

5:15 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. Is there like any operating hours? Like, for example, on weekdays, it's like, evenings only or weekends it's going to be the whole day or till like morning 10 to evening 10.

5:26 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah so it varies a little bit. Within the Asana project there is a like sales pricing and hours template that goes over like in depth exactly what your hours have to be within. Typically Monday through Thursday you're open for eight hours so that can either be like 12 to 8, 2 to 10, you know like that. One to nine. Some stores do that. Um, that's up to you. Uh, Mondays, some of the stores are closed on Mondays.

 So some of them, it's only Tuesday through Thursday that that applies. But, and then Fridays it's typically like 12 to 10, like 12 PM to 10 PM. And then Saturday is usually 11 to 10 Sundays, usually 11 to seven. So it's usually like 60 to 62 hours of total open time throughout a week. If you're open on Monday, And then if you're not open on Mondays, it's usually around 52 to 52 hours. Yeah, if your call is on Mondays, it is.



6:32 - Bharath Mysore
So there's a range there. Okay. Thing is this growth is like monthly growth, we're expecting 5%. Right? Yes. And what is merchandising? What is this?

6:51 - Kevin Macmaster
What do you mean by that? Just like t shirts, or like any of the other merchandising items we have in there that we sell, like we have, you know, we got the t shirts, we have like other like, you know, little magnets, like lanyards, stuff like that. I mean, we don't do a crazy amount with those it's just we do sell some of them it's mainly the t-shirts that'll be the bulk of that but we do have other merchandise items as well okay and is 500 like a like a good enough value because I see that it goes up as we go to the higher end yeah just because the pricing of the items will be higher as you go up so that's why it just gradually yeah okay okay I thought it was the quantity like here we sell 10 units and here is going to be 15 minutes or something like that.

 So it's just that the price of the Okay, I see. Yeah, the pricing of the items just increases as you go up. And for you guys, I mean, I wouldn't really, I don't think you guys will be using the lower pricing category of this, I would say, at a minimum, you guys should be at medium, but more than likely, you'll be closer to the higher end of this. But you know to be safe you could assume like assume the media one and you can use that one um but just wanted to give you that uh info so that way you're looking at it it makes a little more sense when you have put in the new pricing structure the higher one and this one what what does this one mean eighty percent of booking meaning this value eighty percent of thirty to thirty eight thousand yep so basically that's just your gross margin so like across all the packages, like you're have a gross margin of 80%.

 So you're making that on all your sessions. So that's why if you go to the PNL, you can see if you scroll up, you see how the cost of goods sold the smashables and paint. So basically, that's calculated as whatever the so since the margins 80%, then your actual cost sold will be the 20% of whatever your booking number is, which gives you a 80% margin. So That's your gross profit number basically. And then everything else is subtracted from that.



9:10 - Bharath Mysore
I see, I see. So this is the margin that we are going to keep all the time. This is more like our cost, like 20% is our cost.

9:22 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, basically 20% will be your cost, 80% is your profit.

9:26 - Bharath Mysore
And about the rent, do we have any more details about like, for example here, additional rent And do you know if the current lease that we are trying to look at, there's no additional rent here? Or what does this additional rent mean? This is not like a tax.

9:44 - Kevin Macmaster
I just realized it that it should say it's the triple net charges basically. So your base rent will be what you put in your base rent one, two and three, that'll be like the base rent value. And then the triple net number will be what you put in that additional rent column. I realized that after I was looking over it, the one you sent me that I should probably change that language to make it, you know, make it clearer.

 I already put that on my list to update because it should say triple nuts because it just makes it more sense.

10:20 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. So then the, do you know the current lease, uh, current, uh, current, uh, site that we are looking at?

10:27 - Kevin Macmaster
I mean, off the top of my head, but I can find it. I just don't have it.

10:33 - Bharath Mysore
There they just say rent is this much, but they don't call out what is additional triple and Oh, so is it just a gross lease?

10:40 - Kevin Macmaster
Like there's no like, okay, so then yeah, you don't have to put anything in additional rent, you can just leave it blank.

10:47 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, I just want that to be clarified as well.

10:50 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, if they don't clarify that there's triple net charges, and it's just a gross lease, you can just leave it blank. And it'll just calculate it the same. It'll just the base rent one year one two and three okay and they also don't mention about the percentage increase of the dollar amount increase year over year okay if there's no annual increase then you can you can just leave that blank as well yeah because like some of this stuff like it won't necessarily apply to everyone it's just a blanket thing for everyone who depending on your situation you may need this if you then you don't have to use it.



11:29 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. Then, oh, about staffing. So this was confusing. So in Washington, we have 16 to 17 hours minimum wage, right? This is minimum wage here. So given that here, it's like, this is 50 to 60 hours per week, right? So given this, like how many, like when you, for staffing, you said 20% staffing, right? How many people does it account to here?

11:56 - Kevin Macmaster
So this is just basically taking the payroll data we have from all the stores that are open, and then taking what their gross sales are for that month. And then basically figuring out, okay, this is how much they paid in payroll, this is how much they did in sales that much. So this is the percentage typically we're seeing payroll be of their overall, you know, like expenses. So it was kind of just a generalization based on the data we have, you know, like, most stores, their labor and staff is typically like 20% is what it costs them of their gross profit.



12:31 - Bharath Mysore
And how many people will be the staff members? Like, are they going to be just one person, two people?

12:40 - Kevin Macmaster
So typically most stores have two to three full time employees. Some of them have four full timers. And then you'll usually have another Three to four part-time employees who really only work like Friday Saturday Sunday Just because those days will be the days where you're busier and you're gonna have you know, you're gonna need more help there Tuesday if you're being if you're open like Monday through Thursday, you know, you'll have two people on each day and then Friday you'll probably have five people Saturday you'll probably have seven, Sunday you'll probably have another five.

 I have a staffing template too I can send you so that it gives you a better understanding of this.

13:28 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, that would be good. So if I consider 60 hours, 60 hours on an average, 17 being the lowest possible and then three staffers.

13:37 - Divya Dee
Yeah, because we didn't know how many employees you need, Kevin. So we were like, okay, how many do they need? Because I think we should visit a store or talk to other people who have the store to get some of those information as well.

13:53 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. I mean, so typically overall, including full-time and part-time employees, you're going to have about anywhere from eight to 10. Um, if you guys are actively like in the store working yourselves, that number will be lower. Um, you know, like during the weekdays, like if you guys are actively in there, like running the shop, obviously you don't need to have, you know, another person because you guys are filling that role which is why there's a little asterisk there that's like if hands-on reduce to 16 percent.

 So if you guys are going to be hands-on in the store every day you know helping run things and you don't need as much staffing you can change those numbers to be lower. The numbers that are in there currently are based off of if you guys were like you know hands off you weren't in there running the store at all you know that's what it's based off of

14:42 - Bharath Mysore
And then what is, like, why is this going down year after year?

14:47 - Kevin Macmaster
Because basically over time, so your sales will go up, but your labor isn't necessarily going to dramatically increase as your sales go up. You know what I mean? Like, you're not going to have to hire that many more people as you go on. Like, the staff numbers don't really increase with sales necessarily. And as your sales increase, the staffing will stay more stagnant. So it makes more sense for it to slowly become a less of a percentage of your gross profit.



15:20 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. And these are like these numbers are like, as prescribed by you guys, right? Like insurance.

15:26 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, like, you know, supplies, like repairs and maintenance, just based on the data we have, they're just guesstimates of like, what percentage of your gross margin will go to these things. Utilities is calculated based off your total square footage. And then just be alone.

15:45 - Bharath Mysore
It's calculated off that.

15:46 - Kevin Macmaster
What is this one?

15:48 - Kevin Macmaster
What is automobile?

15:49 - Bharath Mysore
So some stores have like company vehicles like a truck or like a cargo van.

15:55 - Kevin Macmaster
If you aren't going to have that you can just put it at zero. But most stores either they own one or they rent one just to get the wind shields like to and from the store. So typically, that's a cost. Sorry, I didn't get what is what do they use it for? Like picking up the car windshields, because they don't get delivered to this store. We usually work with like local windshield suppliers. So we pick them up from So typically, that's why the automobile cost is incurred.



16:28 - Bharath Mysore
Oh, this is what smashable like to bring in those glass things that we have to go Okay, I yeah okay and the SBA loan one we will be going with that we want some kind of finish okay probably I will email so we had a discussion with Michael he's the architect or you presented the cost yeah of building things so does it cover everything that we need like for example whatever amount he gives. Okay, I mean, does the list that like, ignore the amount the list, the set of things that he said that we need to do these things to enable the store working?

 Is that the only cost that we are going to end that we have to bear? Well, when we open a store, anything else apart from that?

17:23 - Kevin Macmaster
Are you saying like, is that construction costs like you won't have to spend another dollar outside of that?

17:29 - Bharath Mysore
Is that what you're asking?

17:30 - Bharath Mysore
No, the construction cost does it include everything like setting like assume that I paid it to the construction and then he got it done within the budget. Is there any additional cost that we need to worry about?

17:42 - Kevin Macmaster
Um, I mean, like, so for example, like the, the furnitures, fixtures and equipment items aren't included in the construction bid. So just like the stuff you need to like run the store on a day to day basis, you know, like the, the rubber gloves that you're wearing in the smash rooms, like the face shields, The safety glasses, like that stuff's not included in the construction fit. Um, that stuff is purchased separately.

 Um, as well as obviously like the signage package also isn't included that in that. So like your overhead sign that goes in the front of your building, that's not included in the construction quote. I'm trying to think of other things outside of that. I mean, obviously like your insurance and stuff isn't, um, but outside of that, that, I mean, outside of the owner furnished stuff, and the, you know, like the overhead sign and stuff, most anything that's basically pertaining to building out the space is included in that bid.



18:41 - Bharath Mysore
I see, can we can we get the breakdown of all the things that are needed apart from the construction cost? Is that what kind of because we want to understand how much is that going to cost? Additionally, that would also increase our loan amount and stuff like that.

19:00 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. So if you go to the iSmash share docs, what might help you more? Like, do you have access to that Google Drive folder?

19:09 - Bharath Mysore
Can you send it chat you have here?

19:15 - Kevin Macmaster
I can open it up. Yeah.

19:17 - Bharath Mysore
I'll just share the specific sheet really quick.

19:19 - Kevin Macmaster
I can stop presenting or probably you can share it while you can share it if you have it and then show you it but I'll put it in the chat too so you have it okay just so that you can look at it afterwards it's on that iSmashShare doc that I shared with you too that folder a while ago um let's see Let me turn my camera off, but whatever, I guess that's fine. So this is kind of like gives you a large overview of every single expense that you can possibly incur.

 Or you can see my screen, right? Yeah. Okay. So this gives you a good overview of every single cost you'll incur. So this includes, you know, the lease deposits, the insurance costs. If you have a company vehicle, architectural designs, you know, graffiti signage, like this is where you'll see and use the breakdown for literally every single cost. Um, and this is like the minimum and the maximum.

20:34 - Unidentified Speaker
What is the leasehold improvement?

20:36 - Kevin Macmaster
That's the construction cost basically. So you would input your construction cost if you have, you can change this to be estimates or there's like firm quotes, you know, final invoice, like you can change it to say different things. Um, and then it'll calculate over here, like what you'll actually be paying.

20:55 - Unidentified Speaker
I see.

20:56 - Kevin Macmaster
So is this specific to our case now or is it like the general thing that, Oh, Most of this stuff is generalized just from the data we have on other stores, but like some of this stuff will be, I mean, it'll be specialized once you put the numbers in there. So like your leasehold improvement number, like you have a final, like a firm quote on that. So you can put that in here as like, you know, whatever the number was.

 So you can basically put that in here as like, And then it'll update over on the end here. And then if you get a signage quote, you can put that in here, the number, whatever it is. If you're not doing ax throwing, you can just ax this number out since you're not doing it. But basically, you can just tweak it to better fall in the range of what you're expecting.

21:57 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah. Okay, and the initial the the franchisee cost that we paid, that's number five.

22:05 - Kevin Macmaster
Yes, that's your initial franchise fee, this may be smaller, bigger, I'm not sure. Because when we made this, it was different. So that's why I know Steve gives deals out.

22:18 - Bharath Mysore
So I'm not sure.

22:20 - Bharath Mysore
This tenant allowance in line number two. What is that? Like, where is that? Is that accounted anywhere in this because we don't have the after tenant allowance.

22:32 - Kevin Macmaster
I see that at the bottom. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah. So, after tenant allowance.

22:38 - Bharath Mysore
So, basically, if you're getting, you know, whatever number this is, you put it in here and then it'll take it away from the grand total. I see. I see. Okay. Okay. Uh, sounds good. And, uh, FFNV setup service. Okay. Sounds good. Let me and Divya work through this. I think we are okay with it, but I probably want us to discuss some more and then We'll be getting back to you.

23:25 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. Yeah. Just let me know if you have any more questions, need any help with anything, just let me know. Okay. And Kevin, to move forward, what will be the next step?

23:37 - Divya Dee
In terms of like where we're at with the deal and everything? Yeah. Because like the agent needs to talk, right. To see if they can get us any discount or the tenant allowance. I know they said no. So, So how should we proceed next? Let me see.

23:53 - Kevin Macmaster
Let me just look back at this email thread, because there's just a lot of them. So I'm not like, I have to look at them to remember what's going on with them. I mean, once you send in an LOI, it's kind of just a hurry up and wait game for them to get back to you and for the countering to go on. So I mean, once they send us an LOI back, we'll look at it, see what they say. If we don't like the terms, we'll go back to them counter with it.

 So it's kind of just us waiting to get to the point where we're both happy with a deal. And then if you know, that space isn't in the cards for us, we move on to a different one. But we're kind of in the hurry up and wait portion of it. Because there's only so you know, landlords respond at their own pace. So like, you can only make a move so fast. You know, if we had control over it, we would get an answer back that day, but we don't, unfortunately.

 So we just have to wait to hear back from them see what they're thinking and then we kind of have to. You know we can move as quick as we want an hour and but at the same time we're also kind of capped by how quickly they get back to us nothing so. Okay. Thanks. Yeah I know yeah you want to move quick but with some of this stuff unfortunately you can only move as fast as other people do which usually isn't very fast.



25:15 - Kevin Macmaster
But I think we're in a good spot.

25:18 - Kevin Macmaster
And then if you guys have any questions, like I said, you can reach out and answer, you know, ask me or you can ask Steven. Okay.

25:31 - Divya Dee
Yeah, no problem.

25:33 - Kevin Macmaster
Happy to help.

25:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

25:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

25:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Bye. Bye.