Divya/Bharath <> Locate, intro call
Tue, Mar 4, 2025

0:02 - Bharath Mysore
Hey, can you hear me?

0:05 - Peter Hu
Hey, Bharath, how's it going?

0:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Good. I'm adding Kevin to the call.

0:12 - Peter Hu
How are you?

0:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, Kevin, how's it going? Not too bad. How are you guys doing? Pretty good.

0:22 - kevin
Pretty busy, but very good.

0:25 - Peter Hu
Yeah, I understand that.

0:27 - kevin
We've been busy ourselves. Sorting out some messes, so. More than used to it. And I understand what comes with it. Yep. Hey, Carrie, how's it going?

0:45 - Peter Hu
Good, how are you? Doing well, doing well. Kevin, is Steven joining?

0:52 - kevin
No, it'll probably just be me. I think Steven's got something else going on.

0:59 - Peter Hu
So yeah, it'll just be me.

1:02 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

1:02 - Bharath Mysore
And Bharath, Divya also is not joining.

1:05 - Peter Hu
Is that right? Yeah. Divya is not joining. Got it. Got it. OK. Cool. Well, we can get started. We have everybody here. I can quickly go through my background. I'll first have to say it's really great to connect, Bharath. Very excited to work with you. And especially in Seattle, because we actually started Locate 10 years ago in Seattle. So there's a special place in my heart for that. But yeah, just Kevin introduced us.

 And I'll just kind of quickly go through my background. And Carrie, you can kind of go through yours as well. But yeah, Bharath, I'm one of the founders here at Locate. And my background is in data. I'm currently based in Brooklyn right now. But like I mentioned, I've been in Seattle for a few years. And then I grew up in Dallas. I currently oversee all the national accounts at Locate. We're a national tenant rep brokerage.



2:17 - Bharath Mysore
And our- Hey, Peter. Yes. Can you repeat what you were saying?

2:23 - Peter Hu
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Am I clear right now?

2:26 - Carrie Walker
I heard you on my end. Yeah, I might just be on his end.

2:32 - Peter Hu
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Um, yeah, I'll just repeat everything. Is this good?

2:37 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, this is good. Yeah. Sorry.

2:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

2:40 - Peter Hu
Yeah, I was just saying that, you know, I'm, I oversee all our national accounts here at Locate. We're a tech-enabled brokerage firm, and we represent growing retail brands across the country. We've been building this brokerage. We've been in operation for over 10 years. And our bread and butter is our AI model that really powers the site selection part. So we will custom build a model to help all the brands that we're working with kind of forecast the potential of new sites.

 So that helps with our site search and our process. And I don't know if you heard, my own background is in data. I've been building this. But I also oversee the accounts. I'm currently based in Brooklyn and have spent a decent amount of time in Seattle. So we'll love to see an iSmash there as well. So that's a little bit about myself and Locate. I definitely want to get into the process and what you can expect.

 But before I do, maybe, Carrie, you can give a quick background of yourself. And Bharath would love to hear your background as well after.

3:59 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, absolutely. So Carrie, hi. Nice to meet you. I am based in Washington. My office is currently in Duke Harbor. I live in Tacoma and have lived in the area my entire life. I'm very familiar with the Seattle market. I do tenant representation, such as working with clients like you, I do a lot of collaboration with locate and the locate team and some of the concepts that they work with. So we work together.

 It's a very smooth process. And I'm really familiar with their with their program, which is great. So I my my role as the local broker is I will be the boots on the ground, I will help dig up the opportunities, I will be the one meeting with you on any site visits. And, you know, I'm the one that has been able to build a relationship since I'm here local. So I'll be kind of the forefront of the of the process.

 And then Peter and I will work together, you know, as we get a little bit further along. But yeah, I solely shouldn't say solely majority of what I'm working on right now is is tenant representation. So yeah, so I we'll, you know, give you all my contact information and Peter will let me in on, on all of that. And, um, as we just get going, we'll, uh, hopefully be able to meet in person, um, as well.

 So I'm assuming you're based in, are you based in Seattle Bellevue? Yeah, I'm in a bottle.

5:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, great. Got it. Okay.

5:27 - Peter Hu
And Bharath, it'd be great to hear how you and Divya kind of got into this business and how Have you guys been in Seattle this entire time?

5:36 - Bharath Mysore
Yes. So I came here in 2008 to Seattle. And since then, I kind of started liking this place. And now my wife also likes this place. We like the colder weather. In fact, we don't like the 100s and all the 100, 100, 800 degree days. Yeah, we don't like it.

5:56 - Carrie Walker
So you're happy right now, then, because it's gross.

5:59 - Bharath Mysore
It's dark and rainy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so my wife, like we are exploring some opportunities, like any franchises that we that we that we can we can set up in near our place. So I smash among other things, I smash was also one of the candidates that we picked. And it looks like things went forward pretty fast when compared to others. That is one and also so we started seeing more of rage room interest across across various places like I've been talking to my friends or colleagues in different parts of the US, we kind of I also got some input about how the raised rooms are at various locations, stuff like that.

 Also, like, I think, Steve, yeah, we got in touch with some of the franchises. And they had good stories to tell, tell about Iceman. So we found, okay, this is a good, good, good thing to pick up. Got it. Got it. Yeah. I'm primarily an engineer. Divya has been in She started off as a teacher, but now she manages a couple of schools. Primarily running, making sure that the enrollment is up and up and running, enrollment is full and stuff like that.

 So she manages a school in Barthel area. The idea here is with iSmash, once we have a location and start working on it, she's going to be full time into this. I will probably do some part time for the to help her out with any of the things that she needs to needs help with.

7:32 - Peter Hu
Got it. Have you guys is this your first concept you guys are franchising or have you guys you guys have you guys dealt with other real estate businesses before?

7:43 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, we had tried to franchise schools but things didn't pan out because they because we they wanted to build it from ground up by land only. But that kind of I think post-pandemic, that didn't pan out. Before pandemic, it was fine. But post-pandemic, I think things changed a lot over a year.

8:03 - Peter Hu
That makes sense. Got it. Got it. OK. Cool. Well, thanks for sharing your background. It's very exciting to hear. I can kind of go into the process moving forward and what you can expect, along with we also have some questions on what you're looking for. For the site search. But in terms of what you can expect, we're going to do a wide search based on what we hear today of what the availabilities look like in the market and kind of narrow it down in the next maybe couple of weeks.

 We'll probably hop on another call with you and Divya after we filter them down and go through what you like or don't like, Potentially go on some tours and kind of get a feel. At the end of the two to three week process, we'll probably start spinning LOIs, letters of intent. And this process is fairly quick. I think once we're there, it really depends on the landlord in terms of how fast they move.

 Carrie probably has a much better idea than I do of the market in Seattle. And then it really depends. But I think we'll try to move fast and control what we can. So that's kind of the process moving forward. And I'll be following up after the call with everything that we need and getting you set up with an account on Locate, where we'll be dropping in all the availabilities. So you can take a look.

 So everything is in the same system. We'll try to keep all the information in the same place. And so when we hop on calls or review all the sites, we'll see everything together on a map. So that's what you can expect. Any questions about the process?

10:14 - Bharath Mysore
feasibility study in terms of if iSmash is going to pan out well in certain geographies or not? Is that what you guys do or just the real estate part of site selecting site and then getting us in touch with GC and stuff like that? What was the first part that you mentioned?

10:31 - Peter Hu
Did you say feasibility?

10:32 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, feasibility study, like what is ROI on opening a... Oh, yeah, yeah.

10:36 - Peter Hu
So we'll get at that. You'll see in the platform, it's kind of like a Google Map interface, Um, there's like a customer model you call it. So like when you drop a pen, you can pull data yourself on like, Hey, you know, in this location, are there enough people that look like the iSmash customer that are living around it enough to make this a strong site or not? Um, so, uh, there's a model there. And once, once you log in, you'll, you'll be able to, um, see that we'll send out some training videos as well, uh, by short And the answer, yes, we'll kind of go through the data part on like, Hey, you know, is this a good site or not?

 But also we'll help with the real estate, you know, boots on the ground and getting that, getting that deal closed. Yeah.

11:21 - kevin
And once you actually get on the platform, you'll see how it kind of works. It's kind of hard to describe without actually being able to see it. But once you see it in action, it is very user-friendly and it does help a lot. It gives you a lot of useful data points. So it will cover exactly kind of what you're saying about like a feasibility study.

11:37 - Unidentified Speaker
essentially what the platform does for you.

11:40 - Bharath Mysore
What about getting in touch with the GC general contractor if needed? We handle all that. With the landlord, those are all handled by you guys? So the general contractor part will be handled by us internally.

11:54 - kevin
As far as negotiating with the landlord and stuff, that will be handled by the locate team and me and Steven will play a role in that as well. So that'll be kind of a collaborative effort once we get to that point. But as far as like getting in touch with the GC and stuff, that'll be me who sets that up. I still gotta set that intro up.

12:18 - Bharath Mysore
He's just been a little bogged down this week, so it'll probably be next week we get that intro started. And then like, I know like the location that we mentioned is like couple of counties, King County and Snohomish County. We would like to start up something which is closer to Bothell, so that we can be hands-on on a day-to-day basis, be there, it's easier for our family as well. And then probably the multi-site one, the more than the next site onwards, we want to spread out anywhere along the IFA corridor or probably, yeah, along the IFA corridor should be good for us.



12:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, got it.

12:55 - Peter Hu
Yeah, that kind of brings me to my next topic, which was like, there are certain areas or neighborhoods within Seattle that you're already kind of interested in looking at. It makes sense, you know, Bothell.

13:10 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, Bothell, Woodinville, Linwood, Mill Creek, probably I think if you look at Bothell, anywhere from Bothell 90.021 pin code, within like 5-10 miles from that location from that pin code should be good enough.

13:28 - Peter Hu
got it okay just taking note of that um and let's see uh you know I always say this if there's any like sites or areas that you've already come across that you want to send our way um just let us know um I'll be your point of contact and carrie will be um as well so just send us an email um and we'll we'll take a look and start calling on those sites. In terms of, oh yeah. What will be, what are the site requirements?



13:59 - Bharath Mysore
Like any specific square footage you want, number of parkings, multi-level, single level? Can you give us some?

14:05 - kevin
Yeah, so you may not have gotten into that part of the training yet, because it is pretty early on in it, but we did this pretty quick turnaround, so you might not have gotten to that part of it yet. But yeah, so basically, generally what I look for is anything between like four to 8,000 square feet. I mean, I'm pretty sure you guys want to do all three activities. Um, so you'll probably want to be in that like 5,000 to like 8,000 range.

 I mean, 6,000 to 6,500 is definitely the sweet spot and where we prefer to be. Um, but we can make it work in something smaller, like 5,000, but we can also make it work in something larger. It kind of just depends on the economics and like what makes sense. We're going to try to want to be in like a retail type setting if we can. If we have trouble finding something that fits that mold, we can open up the opportunities to something else, like a more flex space type use if we need to.

 However, we prefer to try and stay away from that if we can. And generally, you're going to want your rent. We generally, as a rule of thumb, try to be around $15,000 a month. We can go higher. We would like to be lower, but that's generally the range we're looking at.

15:21 - Carrie Walker
Is that 15,000 gross? Yes. Including triple net?

15:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

15:25 - kevin
Sorry, 15,000, what is that?

15:26 - Bharath Mysore
That would be like your rent number per month all in.

15:30 - kevin
OK, I see. That's generally where we try to be.

15:33 - Bharath Mysore
I mean, we can make it work.

15:36 - kevin
If it's more than that, we can make it work. If it's less, obviously. Obviously, we'd want it to be less if we can get it there. But the model still works. As long as it's under $20,000 a month, the model works just fine.

15:51 - Bharath Mysore
I have a few follow-up questions. That's all super helpful information.

15:54 - Carrie Walker
But just for my knowledge on when I'm searching, you guys do not serve food or anything? We don't need to worry about a kitchen or anything like that? No. OK, perfect. Just wanted to make sure. I couldn't tell on the website. It didn't look like it. But that would be helpful. And then I'm sure you probably want on-site parking versus street parking? Yeah. I mean, wouldn't really be a problem, but okay.

 Perfect. Yeah.

16:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

16:19 - Carrie Walker
I think that was only my parking requirements from my smash.

16:22 - Bharath Mysore
Um, not necessarily.

16:23 - kevin
Um, typically I'm pretty sure the rule of thumb, I don't know what it is, but there's a typical rule of thumb. You have a certain amount of parking spaces per like number of customers or something. I don't remember exactly what the number is off the hand. It's also different in different areas. Um, but generally most retail type settings that we would be looking at the parking isn't really a concern.

 If we go into a setting where street parking has to play a role then sometimes it becomes a bit of more of a concern, but you know we can kind of cross that bridge once we get there.

16:58 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, Woodinville Mill Creek Bothell area parking shouldn't be an issue it's just if we come to more urban areas, you know, closer to Seattle obviously that will be more of a concern but for the first location we I just

17:10 - Bharath Mysore
want to make sure I have an understanding. Yeah. Kelly, will you be also helping us with the licensing with the state?

17:19 - Carrie Walker
The licensing for the concept or for opening a space?

17:23 - Bharath Mysore
Like, for example, registering with the county saying that this is the plan and then whether the plan is feasible or not, they're going to go back and forth to adjust it. Then eventually they will say, okay, given like, that's how I know that there's a parking distance parking limits on certain square footage area, then there is also some fire code where in we need to have specific set of exits, depending on the on the like, I mean, if you're looking at retail location, they have one in the front and one in the back.

 But in this case, what do we need a separate kind of licensing requirements?

18:05 - kevin
Yeah, our contracting team will typically handle all that stuff because that's more like build out and like, you know, development related, not really like real estate related. So yeah, that'll and Michael cover all that too when we have our intro with him. So he you can he can ask all those questions and he'll give you good answers to it. He's kind of a wizard with this stuff and he's very familiar with building in just about anywhere in the country.

 So they do the research and all the local codes what's required and then, you know, they kind of make things work from there.

18:37 - Carrie Walker
And Kevin, I'm sure you do have a brand deck that you guys can provide that we can present to the landlord so they have a good understanding of the concept. Yeah, we do. We have a brand deck.

18:48 - kevin
We have some other materials as well. I think Peter has those already. Yep, I'll send them over Carrie. Perfect. Yeah, so Carrie, yeah, so he can just send those right over to you so you can use those.

19:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Awesome. Cool. You have any questions, Jenny? No, I don't think so.

19:04 - Bharath Mysore
All of that's great.

19:06 - Carrie Walker
That helps me get the site search started. And as Peter mentioned, if there's anything that you've already seen that you like, or you're like, hey, I like the shopping center, anytime you notice anything, just shoot us a note or give me a call, and we'll dig up at that opportunity. A lot of people also like to look on their own and just our state is a little bit different than most as far as the platforms we use.

 We have a website called Commercial Brokers Association where we post all of our listings. Some states use CoStar or LoopNet. You're free to look on those, but keep in mind a lot of people don't update CoStar or LoopNet. So if you do see something, feel free to shoot in my way and I'll follow up to see if it's available, but more than likely it's gonna be outdated. But Commercial Brokers Association is the platform that most of the listings on are, we also, a lot of people are using Crexie now.

 So if you're one of those people that like to kind of dive in and look, I would take a look at those too. Obviously, I'm gonna be doing that as well, but I know sometimes franchisees like to dig. So those would be two sites to take a look at. But anytime you drive by anything, just let us know. Even if it's not vacant, but you like the shopping center, it just gives us a starting point to really start honing into what you're looking for.



20:23 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, can you repeat the websites again?

20:25 - Carrie Walker
Yeah, so Prexi, it's C-R-E-X-I. Most of that is a most of what you're going to find on there is for sale, but there are people are starting to really use that platform from leasing. And then Commercial Brokers Association, you actually have to have a license to list. I don't know if you'll be able to search you can try but it's commercial broke. Let me see what it actually what the website is. I don't even know.

 It's commercial mls.com. But I'm not sure if it will let you search without being.

20:57 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, I don't think a lot.

20:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Okay.

21:00 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah. Yeah, I think I can. We have used that earlier. Yeah, yeah.

21:05 - Carrie Walker
So just, you know, a good database and a resource that kind of gives you some ideas. So but what we'll do the next steps would be for me just to start looking for opportunities would be This is all really great information as far as the size and location. And then once you get going and locate, we'll start dropping in potential opportunities into that program. And then you'll get, once they have you set up, you'll actually get a notification like, hey, this site is available for you to look at.

 And then you'll be able to see the brochures and all the analytics that Locate pulls on that site. And then once we have a few opportunities that you like, then we would set up a tour to go out and take a look at them. Just kind of put this out there to start that the market is very tight. There's not a lot of vacancy. So I will say we probably won't have abundance of space to present to you. And the good thing is the size that you are looking in is not a very common size, as far as other tenants active in the market right now.

 So most tenants are looking for like, you know, 12 to 2400 square feet, or they're a lot bigger, there's not a lot in that kind of, you know, four to 10 10,000 square foot range right now. So that is good, because those are some of the toughest spaces for landlords to lease as far as activity on tenants that are active in that size range. So that does give you a benefit. And you're not a food use, which is also great, because a lot of people are capped off on food.

 So we're going to be able to jump on some of those opportunities that other tenants wouldn't be able to, to look at. So it's a it's an awesome concept. I was like in the website and have two boys that would like be left when do something So I think it's in the market that you're in. I think that you're looking in is you'll do really well. So I'm excited to work with you guys and find some opportunities.



22:53 - Bharath Mysore
Thank you. Yeah.

22:53 - kevin
Sometimes the space requirements are our biggest like feather in our cap and then other times they're the biggest sword. So it plays both ways. So for sure. I like to hear that it could potentially be a feather in the cap scenario rather than the latter. For sure.

23:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

23:08 - Carrie Walker
I know I every time I have landlord listings like sometimes I'd like five to six thousand square foot space. It's just, it's hard to fill. So hopefully that works in our benefit.

23:17 - kevin
Yeah. Usually that's what we find is where they have just a weird space that like a landlord may not be able to rent out to someone and they it's been sitting for a while and we come in and we're like, yeah, we can take it.

23:30 - Carrie Walker
So we do fit into those kinds of niche situations very well. Absolutely. And is it first floor space or if it's like a, we don't have a ton of second floor retail space, but would that if that came across, is that something you would consider?

23:44 - kevin
The second floor, we would try to be just first floor spaces because of the noise. If we were on the second floor, you know, the noise from things breaking and also the like loading and unloading of supplies would be an issue. Mainly the noise thing though. We were in a second story once and it did not go well. So we have stayed away from that.

24:03 - Carrie Walker
Totally makes sense. I didn't even think about the noise. Yep. Nope. Done. Noted.

24:08 - kevin
Yeah, our neighbors down below us did not appreciate it, to say the least.

24:14 - Carrie Walker
I'm sure they didn't.

24:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Funny. Awesome. Great.

24:17 - Peter Hu
OK, well, Bharath, if you don't have any other questions, I'll follow up after this call with the things to get started. And just look out for an email from us over the next few weeks, and Carrie will be tuned up on if needed to kind of review a batch together.

24:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

24:40 - Bharath Mysore
Do you guys have our phone numbers or no? Our phone numbers? I have your emails.

24:45 - Peter Hu
But if you can drop your phone numbers in the chat, I think that'd be very helpful. I'll drop mine. Yeah, I was gonna say I can email them over to you too, if you want.

24:57 - kevin
But if you want to send them in the chat is right now that we're as well.

25:03 - Unidentified Speaker
All right. Perfect. Okay. Yeah. Thanks a lot.

25:08 - Carrie Walker
I guess I need to put mine in there. I'm like reading your guys's, but I didn't put mine in. So yeah, I got yours.

25:24 - Unidentified Speaker
There we go.

25:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, great.

25:31 - kevin
Well, I look forward to working with you guys.

25:34 - Bharath Mysore
Sorry. I didn't, I didn't get that. So do you send it to the entire group or just one person?

25:42 - Carrie Walker
Oh, my direct. Hold on. Mine says direct. Let me edit that. Let me redo it. That's weird. It went to like the AI.

25:52 - kevin
Oh, did it go to my read AI notes? Yeah.

25:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

25:56 - Carrie Walker
Those do cause a headache sometimes. Yeah. Let's see. Oops. This should work.

26:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Got it. Perfect.

26:06 - Bharath Mysore
Awesome.

26:07 - Unidentified Speaker
All right. Well, thanks, everybody.

26:09 - Peter Hu
Bharath, really excited to get started and work with you. And yeah, I'll send out a follow-up soon. Great. Thank you, guys.