Everett catch up
Mon, Sep 14, 2026

0:11 - Kevin
Hello, boy. Howdy, howdy.

0:17 - Ron Tobiasz
How are we doing here? Good morning, Brock.

0:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Hey, good morning.

0:38 - Ron Tobiasz
Are we waiting for Divi or are we? Good to go?

0:44 - Kevin
I wasn't sure if she joined separately normally or not.

0:47 - Bharath
No, we're joining now.

0:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

0:49 - Bharath
Yeah. No, she's not joining now.

0:52 - Kevin
Okay. Okay. All right. So I guess, I mean, I have some knowledge as to what's going on. I guess however you guys want to start it off, it's fine with me we can kind of just take it from there. It sounds like to me, the main issue is just that there's issues with the outside of the building that we need the landlord to correct, which, based on my experience, is usually kind of something that's outside of anyone's control, is just how fast the landlord decides to move on it.

 You can correct me if I'm wrong in that understanding about anything.

1:33 - Bharath
But yeah, landlord and landlord and me are working on it. It's just that we want to know what is the what are the plans that Carney is going to provide us.

1:45 - Ron Tobiasz
And Ron, I sent those last week. You wanted those for the landlord review. So I sent two pages. Now, we will do the life safety one as well, but we didn't want to waste time doing the plans without the landlord approving because you said he wants to. Look at them before we submit them. And like I told you before, I highly recommend that we do the stairs on ours because I could get them done in like two days.

 I don't know if the landlord's trying to find somebody, then they have to resubmit and it might take longer. So I'm happy to do whatever you want to do, but I think we should put their stair work on our drawing so it's one submittal.

2:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

2:33 - Ron Tobiasz
I've noticed in the future, once you start splitting it up, it makes it a lot worse. So there's not going to be an extra charge for the drawings. We're just do it. I mean, literally, all we got to do is like drag the steps, make them bigger, and put a measurement on it. So I just need to know what the landlord is doing outside. If there's a railing, I heard there might be a railing involved or something.

 So, and I know he was reaching out to the inspector. So I just want him to reach out too, like we did for our stuff. Which they do have a call set up today at four o'clock, the engineer and the inspector, but they also have to do it-the landlord and the inspector just to make sure we get everything done on one time. So, uh, as of right now, the plans are at a standstill until we figure out: A, is the landlord okay with it?

 Which he shouldn't have a problem with the inside. Really, all we're doing is blocking the door off and emergency lights. That's that's the extent of the work inside.

3:34 - Bharath
So, okay. So, the two plans that you sent, are those the final ones that you're gonna share with the landlord?

3:41 - Ron Tobiasz
Absolutely, they're the final ones that I want their approval on. Then, if they say, okay, we'll do that, then I'll go ahead and do it. There'll be like two more pages we have to do. It's a life safety page. But I just want them to see that so we can finish because I do believe we have to put the stairs on our set. That there's no way we shouldn't do that.

4:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, sounds good.

4:04 - Ron Tobiasz
You know what I mean? Because once you mess with the steps, they're want to inspect it. So if they want to inspect it, to fall on the permit. And for it to fall on the permit, it should just be done all by the same engineer, is what I think. Think.

4:19 - Bharath
Yeah. So we have to forward these two plans, asking the landlord to basically say, is this fine or not? And should we include your step, the exit, the exit stair dimensions as well or not, correct?

4:37 - Ron Tobiasz
Now, well, that's correct, because you said you wanted the landlord to review, or they wanted to look. I don't need the landlord to approve it. I know what we're doing inside is code compliant. You said the landlord wanted to see it. That's the only reason I'm saying send it to the landlord is because you would like him to see it. I particularly don't need him to okay it or not.

4:56 - Bharath
Okay. So, okay. I think I can try to get a landlord to look at it by steps. Then, like, once assumed landlord says, okay, this should be fine with whatever plan we have. What would be the next steps? And how long do you think it's going to take for the city to? Get back to us and say, okay, they're okay with this, and then we can open the store.

5:15 - Ron Tobiasz
I don't know how long it's going to take for the city. I do think the land, uh, the inspector will just take a look at it because that's what I'm hearing. I don't think it's going be, um, it's not like a full set of submissions where they got to look at everything, it's only a revision, so historically it's a lot quicker. Um, it could just be him signing off, and they might not have to review it. I wouldn't know until I submit the plans.

 For me to finish, I only need one more day for the engineer to tweak the life safety plan and stamp it. And then we can submit it right away. My engineering team submits it. It's gonna be however long the landlord takes to look at it to see if they want us to put the steps in on our drawings or not. And then if they don't want us to, that's fine. We can submit ours. And then they would have to submit as well whenever they do it and then wait for their.

 Permission too. That's why I really don't want to do two submissions. They already know they already know the engineering team. So it's just it'll be more confusing if they um if they add the stairs on it. And I would tell them that we're not charging you because they might think that we're going to charge you for the drawing. We're not. We're just going to correct the drawing because it's all part of it.

 When there's a failure, the engineering team already has that in their cost. If you were to add something personally, then it's a charge, but this is a failed inspection. So the engineering team has to take care of it, it's part of their contract. Okay, I would just let them know: hey, I'm charged by Carney for this submission, they recommend that it should be done by the same engineer. Um, we just need to know what their conversation was with the inspector so we make sure we put the right stuff down.



6:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

7:00 - Bharath
so let me start a thread between you, Ron, myself, and the landlord and asking him like this is our plans and then and then let him know what is what is that their architect wants to let us let us put it in, like wants us to put that in our drawing, right?

7:20 - Ron Tobiasz
Yep, and then our work for that is adding, is removing one exit sign. Putting it into the new spot. And then all we're doing is plywooding the door shut. So I just need, I would say, a day's worth of work, just because you don't do half days, but it's literally moving one exit sign and plywooding, excuse me, the door shut. So the work can be done relatively quickly. Okay.

7:46 - Bharath
Is the door shut really necessary? Because I was thinking we can use that door to clean up like, to take our garbage out.

7:56 - Ron Tobiasz
Now, that's one thing. If the engineer, or not the engineer, if the inspector says it's okay that if we're just removing the exit sign and the door can stay open, like still be used without an emergency exit sign, then yes. But if he says we have to close it in, then we have to close it in. Once you pass and you decide to take the plywood down. You could always do that after you get the CO. We're only plywood and it's shut.

 So if he gives us a hard time, I say we just cover it. And then if you decide to take it down after the inspection, it's only a few screws, then you could, you know, feel free to take it down.

8:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

8:35 - Ron Tobiasz
So I just don't, I don't know if you get yearly and so you have to see. If you do, you just gotta make sure you put the plywood up and it gets tricky. Like you gotta then start lying and stuff and forget it. You don't wanna get fined either. So I say, You let me see what the uh inspector says. If it's just me moving the exit sign and he don't care, I plywood, I'll leave it open. Of course, we could do that.



8:56 - Bharath
Uh, and then the the engineer and the inspectors are talking, or are they are they just like off messages?

9:04 - Ron Tobiasz
They have a call. They're calling today at four o'clock. So when he gets in, four o'clock your time. Whenever he gets back to the office on our end, we're just gonna make sure what we have drawn up is gonna be okay. And then all we're waiting on then is the landlord and or the landlord to confirm their work.

9:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

9:21 - Ron Tobiasz
Are you also joining that call, Ron?

9:23 - Ron Tobiasz
I am not. I wasn't invited. I could try to get invited on a three-way.

9:27 - Bharath
I would love to be on it, but um I could I to get on that yeah yeah can it would be good if get on it include me also I will try to see if I join the call just to hear what they're saying yeah I mean it wouldn't be a teams call probably just be like a conference call but if we could do that yeah no problem okay okay yeah can I get a can I get a response on the on that uh email thread about uh what was the status at the end of the day once they once the engineer and the inspector finishes talking?



10:02 - Ron Tobiasz
Absolutely. I'll make sure I copy, I'll put Scott on it. I know he's coming back today or tomorrow. So I'll copy Kevin. I'll just copy Scott and then I'll copy iSmash reports so he doesn't get bombarded. But at least Kevin can track it until he's back in. I know it's important. Awesome.

10:19 - Bharath
Yeah, that works.

10:20 - Ron Tobiasz
Yeah. And then I think there's like two more TVs to hang. They're going to be there today. And there's some small stuff. I know you ordered to replace a few more mats and the extra ones for in front of the paint cleanup sink. And yeah, we're down to the cabinets and you know changing out that uh uh paintsink at the inspection and we're done okay awesome I mean we still have a we'll still do a punch list I know you did one with rob but there was still owner stuff getting done so we'll do one scott comes out because he always finds one or two things too so we'll probably do one more with you guys just to make sure because scott likes to torture me he always finds one thing to make me come back out so it doesn't matter what it is.



11:07 - Bharath
Okay. Sounds good.

11:10 - Unidentified Speaker
But it could be minor.

11:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

11:17 - Ron Tobiasz
I would say if we take away anything, if we take away anything from today's call, it'll be push the landlord to find out what he wants to do for the drawings and how long, if they're going to do it, how long is it going to take? Because I want to ask the inspector: do we submit together not to confuse him, or we do it like whenever I'm ready and then whenever he's ready?

11:38 - Bharath
So, okay. And after talking to the inspector, do we can we know by when he's going to sign up or when the inspection is going to happen and stuff like that?

11:49 - Ron Tobiasz
Yeah, I can ask him when we're on the call. Call, okay. I'll ask them: is it a full revision or is it because it doesn't have to go through plumbing, doesn't have to go through building, it's it has to go through building and then the electrical for the uh one exit sign, so it doesn't have to go through mechanical or fire safety, it just has to go disciplines, so it should be uh relatively quick.

12:11 - Bharath
Okay, so in today's meeting call, we will get to know the any changes any to the plan. And how we are going to submit it and the timeline for them to review it and have like when we can basically call for inspection and get a CO, right?

12:29 - Ron Tobiasz
on our side, I wouldn't know what the landlord's doing yet on his timeline if he decides to submit or not, or his work. I just know that we could technically. Once we submit, if the inspector says on the phone today, this is good, just send it for approval, I'm going to close that door and move the exit sign like tomorrow or Wednesday. So we're done. We're not going to wait for it to get approved.

 As long as he gives me the verbal go-ahead, we'll do that. I just couldn't call until the landlord does their work with the steps and the railing. So we have to coordinate. So if he gives me the verbal, like, yo, I'm good with this. We'll go ahead and do our work. Just so it's done. But I couldn't call the inspection in, no matter what. Even if the inspector says, hey, I'll prove it tomorrow. I can't do anything until the landlord does the stairs and the railing and whatever, and the ballastes.

 I think he's got to talk to the land. The guy said that you got to do the balaces. They're too spaced apart. Now, it wasn't in the comments. But he did tell him. So, if the landlord's reach out, he should specifically ask for that. Because if he comes back out, he will fail you for them ballastes being too far apart on the loading book. Yeah, so make sure you push him on that. You don't want to fail again after that.



13:50 - Bharath
Okay, okay, sounds good. So, uh, okay, there's a couple one more thing that I want to add. So in today's meeting, the inspector and the engines are going to talk about the plan and fix anything that is necessary. Then we will get to know the process to basically submit the plan, whatnot. And third one is the timeline. We can also get the timeline as to when it's going to be done. On my side, I think I will get on call with.

 The landlord to basically check with him the plans are fine or not. Check the plans. And another one is: oh, you mentioned to include his dimensions or not, the state dimensions, or do you want that to be included or not?

14:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

14:40 - Ron Tobiasz
If he wants to do it himself, that's on him. I highly disagree if that's his decision.

14:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

14:47 - Bharath
sounds good.

14:48 - Ron Tobiasz
I just think it'll be longer for you if you do that. But I mean, whatever you have to do.

14:54 - Bharath
Okay.

14:55 - Ron Tobiasz
We did put a note. If you look at our drawings. Yeah, I did see that note. Yeah, we just put a note like, hey, we will be modifying this. We just didn't know what to actually include. So we at least wanted to let him know that we are addressing it in case the landlord change it. Now, we would remove that note and put actual measurements on there. If he wants us to do it.

15:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, okay. If he wants us to do it, okay.

15:20 - Ron Tobiasz
Yeah, because then we would bubble that out, it's not like they have to look at two different planes, it would all be on one set, and we can just get it approved quicker that way.

15:29 - Bharath
Okay, okay, sounds good, Ron. And uh, thanks, Kevin. Thanks for joining. And then, Ron, uh, uh, yeah. Probably let's go through your call. Let's not wait for the landlord. I'm gonna get the landlord to get the things in as early as possible.

15:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

15:46 - Ron Tobiasz
Oh, yeah. We're doing our thing, regardless with the landlord. We'll do whatever after. We're not gonna stop with ours.

15:53 - Bharath
Okay. Sounds good. Yeah. Thanks, Ron. Thanks, Kevin.

15:58 - Kevin
Yeah, no problem. Anything else you want to go over?

16:01 - Bharath
it seems like we all know what the next steps are and what we got to do, but

16:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

16:05 - Bharath
And I assume that you guys are handling the goodwill, goodwill things.

16:09 - Kevin
Yeah, yeah. I've been talking to them a lot, giving them updates and everything. So they're aware of what's going on. And they, uh, the main point of context, she just went through building a new goodwill. So she is very familiar with all the issues that arise. So she's very understanding. So they're not, they're not concerned about it. And they're not really a problem. So.

16:28 - Bharath
Oh, awesome. Awesome. Thanks, Kevin.

16:31 - Ron Tobiasz
Yeah. Yeah. No problem.

16:33 - Ron Tobiasz
Alex, awesome.

16:36 - Ron Tobiasz
Thanks. Any day, Bros, just so you know, any day I get to talk to Kevin's a good day.

16:43 - Kevin
I'm glad I can be seen that way. Awesome.

16:47 - Ron Tobiasz
All right, guys. Bro, I'll keep you posted and I'll respond in the group email when we find out today.

16:54 - Bharath
Yeah, thanks.

16:56 - Ron Tobiasz
Kevin, it'll be later in the day for us. It'll probably be like seven when I email. Because their call is at 3:34 their time. So, but I'll shoot it out as soon as I find out.

17:05 - Bharath
Okay, sounds good.

17:06 - Ron Tobiasz
Thanks. Awesome. Thanks, guys.

17:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks, guys.

17:09 - Unidentified Speaker
See ya.
