Everett weekly calls
Fri, Jul 24, 2026

0:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:03 - Ronald Tobiasz
Hello.

0:04 - Kellie Shortino
How's it going?

0:08 - Ronald Tobiasz
You know, I don't want to lie. Yep.

0:15 - Ronald Tobiasz
How are you?

0:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Same.

0:17 - Kellie Shortino
Good.

0:18 - Kellie Shortino
I'll say it's good, but you know.

0:20 - Ronald Tobiasz
Who knows?

0:21 - Ronald Tobiasz
So nobody really cares anyway.

0:22 - Kellie Shortino
Exactly.

0:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep. Yeah.

0:24 - Kellie Shortino
Oh, someone's waiting, Divya. Okay.

0:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Nope.

0:31 - Kellie Shortino
There we go.

0:32 - Kellie Shortino
Hello.

0:34 - Divya M
Hi, Lee.

0:35 - Kellie Shortino
How's it going?

0:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Good.

0:38 - Divya M
How are you?

0:39 - Kellie Shortino
Good, good. Got Ronald on here, but I'll wait for Scott to join.

0:49 - Ronald Tobiasz
How are you, Ronald? Good. How are you?

0:53 - Divya M
I'm doing good. Thank you.

0:57 - Kellie Shortino
All right. I mean, I will do marketing real quick. I only have like two things while we wait. So, your signage package shipped today, I believe. So, that should be there in a little bit. And I think it's like three or four boxes of stuff you'll see. Other than that, ads are still looking good and everything. I finished setting up all of your pages. So, like, trip advisory, Yelp, all that stuff. So, those are all in progress.

 I'm waiting on to see if they need to be verified with a video of your space. So, I'll send that information over if they ask me for it.

1:39 - Divya M
Do you want me to send you the video? Like, I can go and get a video like this weekend and just send it to. You. I was waiting for the name. I mean, the signage. They had said they'll do it yesterday, but then we got an email. They're not doing it until Monday. So I was hoping to have that signage with the video. So it's good.

2:03 - Kellie Shortino
No, I saw that email. At least it's close by. But I will let you know because Google's a little weird. You have to do it like live time. Like I have to have you download the maps app. Log into your account, and then, like, you have to record a live video on your phone if they make you do it. Some people it doesn't require, and some people it does, but I'll let you know if so, and then send you like exact directions.

 So, we got broth coming in, okay?

2:29 - Divya M
Yeah, on Monday, once it's done, I'll go anyways just to look at that. So, I can still just take you know a few pictures, I can send it to you where you have it.

2:39 - Kellie Shortino
Oh, that works! Awesome. Other than that, I don't really have much for you. Do you have any specific questions? Then I'll let Ronald go, even if Scott's not here.

2:55 - Bharath Mysore
Any updates on when the constructions will be completed? I don't see any progress happening. So I wanted to get some.

3:04 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah. So I went around Cody and schedule the electrician. Electrician will have the lights in Monday and call for the above ceiling on Tuesday.

3:17 - Bharath Mysore
They are I think we can we get this all thing done by end of July, please, because other things are getting blocked behind these things. We cannot bring in any of our stuff because I thought we will have the whole thing done. Like the ceiling inspection was done last week, right? We should have had everything done this week.

3:38 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, it was be two weeks complete almost with minus inspections after that. So we're definitely pushing to get it done. But again, like the fire alarm thing wasn't really our fault. So we're doing the best we can. So I could tell you what the schedule is, and then you let me know if it works out. So they're going to have the lights go in and all the devices Monday. We're calling the ceiling inspection in for the closing.

 Then all you have to do is put the tile in and the smash plot, the rooms, the plywood in the smash rooms. Okay. Odie, I've asked him several times for the cash wrap. He actually got a little upset with me. And I don't know if he's telling you, but he said he is, but I don't know if he really is. He said he wants to do the cash wrap last so it don't get damaged. I don't know if he saying that to you, but I keep forcing on him.

 And he's like, Hey, I think I'm talking to the owner there. And I'm telling him I don't want to do it because they got to go above it for all the ceiling tile and everything. So I am trying to get him to do that ASAP for you as well. But he says he wouldn't like to do that until last. So that's where we're at with the cash rack.

4:55 - Bharath Mysore
And what about the back wall, the door?

4:59 - Ronald Tobiasz
Why is that not picking the door up Monday? He finally got the piece with the latch. So he was like I told you before, he was missing the latch side. So if we installed the door, which we could have, we just couldn't lock the door because the frame was missing the little hole that the handle catches the lock. So that's why he didn't put that in. But he told me today he's getting it Monday. You call it baseboard, I call it co-base.

 They have been working. The painters did their final touch up yesterday. So the paint is now completely done.

5:34 - Bharath Mysore
And they're going to yesterday.

5:37 - Bharath Mysore
The picture that I sent yesterday or today morning was from yesterday evenings.

5:42 - Ronald Tobiasz
Well, they're saying they're done with the paint now. No, as of Derek Talent, Cody told me as of right now, I don't know if it was this morning. They're saying the paint touch up is complete and they can start putting the cove base up now, the baseboard.

5:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

6:00 - Ronald Tobiasz
That's what they're telling me. So the paint is complete now. It's not 100% complete because we got to paint the ceilings in the smash room. But we can't do that until we close in. So now they're put the install in on the cove base.

6:14 - Bharath Mysore
Okay.

6:15 - Ronald Tobiasz
So to get to your point, CO on the 29th. Very, very close. But I can promise you, we're not going to push back the open date. I might need a day or two more for inspections. You'll have enough time to schedule your 10 or 14 days ahead of the 22nd opening date without me interrupting that.

6:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

6:41 - Ronald Tobiasz
And I did talk to Scott earlier because I was unsure of the opening date. And, um, he said he believed it was the 22nd, but he was confirming with Cam. He said Cam wasn't responding for the date. And I don't know if you have an answer on that yet either, but that's different.

7:00 - Divya M
He emailed that he'll be there that week. He hasn't confirmed on the tickets yet. Let me just check the email from this morning. And that really has nothing to do with me. Yeah, he'll be there between. 11th to 14th.

7:16 - Ronald Tobiasz
Okay. Well, that's good. To make sure that I'm completely out of his way because I don't want, we can't even be there when he's doing that. So we'll at that point, we'll be completely done and the punch list as well, because that's well before your opening.

7:30 - Divya M
So, what would be the timeline you're looking at, Ronald, for you to be completely done? Because I know we are not waiting until the 11th because we want to set up everything else.

7:46 - Ronald Tobiasz
No, it wouldn't be the 11th. I'm thinking CO, and I'm not looking at the calendar, so I don't know what date the 29th was, but I'm looking for two days after that to be CO'd.

7:58 - Divya M
29th July, 31st.

8:03 - Ronald Tobiasz
No, no, is that like a Friday, the day?

8:06 - Bharath Mysore
29th is Wednesday.

8:08 - Ronald Tobiasz
It's Wednesday, so I should be done by Friday then of that week.

8:14 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, and this will include all the flooring changes, whatever the final flooring thing needs to be done, and all those things, right?

8:20 - Ronald Tobiasz
Stove-based, all that stuff. The only thing outstanding at that point depends on the punch list that we go over, that we might be tweaking some stuff, but we can do the punch list. Before or after the CO, as long as we're not in your way. And there's only going to probably be one or two guys to complete that. The goal now is to get the work done and get the inspections done. And then we can do the punch list because it's weird.

 Like we'll do a punch list with you. And then Scott's going to show up. And then he's going to, we'll have to go back too. So we kind of do the punch list more towards the end because he's going to make us do stuff that you don't see that he sees. So we kind of do two punch lists. Pretty much.

9:02 - Bharath Mysore
Okay.

9:04 - Bharath Mysore
And when is that scheduled? When can we do that?

9:08 - Ronald Tobiasz
We can do that anytime after we get the CO. So probably if we're going to go for that Friday, I would say sometime early that following week. And Scott will catch some stuff on a video, but we haven't had one yet where he hasn't gone there and requested a few more things.

9:28 - Unidentified Speaker
things.

9:29 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. So, uh, to understand, right? So, once your ceiling inspection is done, we can start bringing in our stuff and start setting up things, right?

9:40 - Ronald Tobiasz
I would know I didn't say that. We're at now because I think Cody also told you too that we can't have anything against the walls for the fire marshal and the inspectors. He said he said it several, several times. Um, We can't, he's not like the electrical inspector is not going to move something off of the wall to check an outlet. So we allowed stuff to be in there, but you can't block any of the electrical stuff or anything.

 Like we, to keep the fire lane clear. For the back door so there can't be stuff in the hallway. But if we final out that Friday, that's the first, you would have 18 days to set up before the opening.

10:24 - Divya M
So that Monday or Tuesday, can we have like the Cintas guy come and install? Will everything be done by then?

10:31 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, you can have him come in. He could come in now. I mean, he doesn't, he's not a problem. He's only hanging up, maybe. I don't even know if he hangs up the jumpsuits, but he could hang now. Like right now, he could hang up all the paper towel dispensers. Whatever he's doing, Syntos, he can do it now.

10:51 - Divya M
Okay, so we have him for August 3rd anyway. So we'll just make sure that he's there and he's doing that.

10:57 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, no, he's good. When I say supplies, like we don't want to have stuff blocking for the inspector, but no, he could go.

11:04 - Unidentified Speaker
go.

11:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

11:06 - Bharath Mysore
So, when is that? When can we bring in all our stuff?

11:10 - Ronald Tobiasz
I would say after the CO.

11:14 - Scott Laviano
Yep, the week of the third.

11:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, okay.

11:20 - Scott Laviano
As long as you get the CO on the 31st, we then start loading you up that week.

11:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

11:32 - Bharath Mysore
Hey, and Scott, for that, when you say loading it up, like when are we getting the first delivery from Goodwill? Because we want, I have not bought the palette jack. I can go buy it like if it's like next week, I can get it great.

11:48 - Scott Laviano
They won't. You know what? Kevin actually just told me good. Yours is starting to do stuff like that week. I think it is. So, they probably wouldn't be delivering until the week of the 15th or the week after that. Basically, right before you are getting your before opening. Yeah, I'm trying to scroll back quick enough to find out when that is.

12:21 - Ronald Tobiasz
But Roth, did you get the gate? Speaking of delivery, is the gate fixed?

12:27 - Bharath Mysore
Oh, I have somebody coming in. I think the owner is taking care of it probably this week or next week. They're going to get it done.

12:34 - Ronald Tobiasz
Okay, good.

12:41 - Scott Laviano
Well, sorry, I'm late. I have no excuse. Sorry.

12:47 - Divya M
You're good. I think we were just going through a few things.

12:51 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, and I had luckily I talked to Ronald too. So I kind of know what's up, but that's what I want to make sure. You guys are, you guys are good. And then Cameron is scheduled for when?

13:05 - Divya M
Yeah, that's what he emailed this morning. And he said he'll be here 11th to 14th.

13:16 - Scott Laviano
I can't believe I'm putting your opening based on him not getting sick or. Or not something happening um yeah this is a major exception by the way just so you know we don't let stores open without having their graffiti already done um so we still have the graffiti done but the opening is on the 26th 22nd right but the video is on the 11th so it's normally supposed to be done before then but all right.

 I put my faith in him.

13:55 - Ronald Tobiasz
I can vouch. I never did that before.

13:59 - Scott Laviano
Right. Yeah, try to ask Ronald. I don't even, he gives me a date and I add to it. Um, okay. What else you got for Ronald?

14:09 - Bharath Mysore
I'm I have one more thing. Yeah. I've included you. I've included Ronald in the conversation with the fire alarm guys. So, what inspection are they talking about?

14:24 - Ronald Tobiasz
For them, it's hard to follow. It looks like that they still need a final fire inspection. It looks like they need their electrical inspection for the outlet. That they put in for the fire alarm.

14:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

14:43 - Ronald Tobiasz
And I'm pretty sure that they could go for it because I think, no, they still got to do the two devices or the four devices in the smash room. So it's kind of hard to track where they're at. Like I can't see their inspections, but I from their email and what they're saying is: I think it's a final inspection for the fire alarm. Yeah. It's an electrical final. For the outlet that they put in the fire panel.

 So if Cody said they installed the fire panel, but he don't know if it's live, like he doesn't know if it's like plugged in or operating for their final inspection.

15:22 - Bharath Mysore
I see.

15:26 - Ronald Tobiasz
So I think they passed their above ceiling portion from what they said.

15:33 - Scott Laviano
How does that affect us?

15:35 - Ronald Tobiasz
It doesn't. I was just responding to his question.

15:37 - Scott Laviano
It doesn't. Okay. No, no, no, but that's what I'm wondering.

15:40 - Ronald Tobiasz
No, it affects if somehow they fail or something. But I don't think they tried the final out and they got they failed and they had to put the fire alarm panel in to pass the inspection. So they tried the final and failed and had to put the outlet and put the panel all in to pass the electrical inspection. Kind of weird. Like, usually there's not a separate electrical inspection for one outlet. But since it was a different company, they had a pull permit.

 So now they have their own electrical inspection for one outlet.

16:17 - Scott Laviano
And that outlet. Yeah. So, I mean, as long as it's not going to affect us getting, affecting them getting their CO, then, yeah, okay. No, right now I just don't want last minute all of a sudden be like, oh, wait, no, the landlord's inspection didn't fail.

16:32 - Ronald Tobiasz
The delay was the fire alarm, like the six or seven weeks. It might even be more was getting it figured out, getting the work done, and now trying to catch back up. Because I'm not going to lie, I did struggle trying to get the electrician back because they've been gone for six, seven weeks. They take on other jobs, it breaks the schedule. So it's not as easy as just turning back on and getting them back there.

 So I did struggle with getting people back there in a timely manner.

16:58 - Ronald Tobiasz
You know what I mean?

16:59 - Ronald Tobiasz
Because of the long delay. So that's a true struggle I had. Their stuff wasn't getting done, yes, but it wasn't like I just didn't want to do it. Like now they're booked out a week or 10 days or stuff like that. So, but I did confirm they're back Monday. So now I can start holding everybody. Then to their schedule because they're back.

17:20 - Scott Laviano
You know what Yeah, yeah. Okay.

17:24 - Ronald Tobiasz
if it was only a week to last, not a big deal. They started like three, four jobs. If they're like us in that timeframe, that's a long time to be down and then try to go back.

17:33 - Bharath Mysore
Ronald, can I get the Builder Trend pictures updated by Cody?

17:40 - Ronald Tobiasz
What all Builder Trend updates every day by Cody? Mm-hmm. But there hasn't been a lot going on. So there hasn't been that many pictures. I mean, there really hasn't been a lot going on since that. I mean, we have some paint, so I could show you the few photos we have, but a lot of the stuff was already done. So, granted, you're walking in there and nobody's there. It doesn't look like changes. And that's true as well.

 So, I'll send out some updates of maybe some of the photos from this week and do like a combination next week. I'll be able to daily show Builder Trend because there's going to be active stuff getting done that you would see that there's been progress. Because I agree, you walk in there, it doesn't look like anything, and then there hasn't been, you know, okay.

18:33 - Scott Laviano
Cool, nice. Do you guys got anything for Kellie? Did you already go? Because I was late, so I don't know. I'm sorry.

18:43 - Kellie Shortino
You're good. I did a few things. I just went over signage package shipped. And then the other part to that is you won't hang anything until I'm guessing Scott's doing out there unless until Scott gets there. And that was pretty much the only like,

18:58 - Divya M
Kellie, I have one more thing. Yeah, go ahead. For the staffing, I see that there is some kind of dashboard that you can post on. Can you send me like how to do that or if there's an instruction? I went through Asana as well. So it said that there is some dashboard to post. And you can also do through ZipRecruiter that there are two postings that are free that you can do.

19:25 - Kellie Shortino
Oh, gotcha. You're talking about like hiring people. I'll let Scott a little bit.

19:30 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. So, what to, if you go to, let's see, I know it's in Asana, but really, you're going to use, you can use Indeed. Okay. So, what you'll do is basically create the job posting. If you go to the Google Drive under the HR, there's a whole entire thing of job descriptions and all of that in there as well.

19:56 - Divya M
So, just copy and just put that in the job.

20:00 - Scott Laviano
Yep. And then the thing about Indeed, here's the little trick is. People are going to send you their, you know, their resumes. They're apply for a job through Indeed. Call them physically, the ones you want to talk about. Tell them you're going to deny their application in Indeed, right? But you're going to set up an interview with them over the phone. Reason being is, is it costs you money if you set it all up through Indeed?

 So that's why you just call them and be like, Yeah, yeah, we'll set up an interview, but you know, you're going to get this. You're not approved or you're not accepted. And Indeed, don't worry about that. Are you using ADP? Yes. So ADP also has a thing.

20:52 - Divya M
I don't That's why they have the ZipRecruiter. I think they have.

20:56 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, they have ZipRecruiter. Yep. Yep. They have ZipRecruiter and ADP, so you can utilize them as well.

21:02 - Divya M
Yeah, I think too. I went through that, and that's what they had. I'm going to set up so I can tell ADP people that we are all set.

21:12 - Scott Laviano
Cool. Yep. That will be good. All right. What other questions do you have so far? Anything right now?

21:26 - Divya M
I think right now major is the staffing for me. So how many staff should I have?

21:35 - Scott Laviano
So let's go over your whole staffing plan. What you want to think about when you're doing staffing, right, is availability.

21:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

21:44 - Scott Laviano
You need people that are available for when you are open. So Saturdays and Sundays are going to be your really biggest thing. You're actually working in the store, correct? When we had talked, yeah. So, yes, you are coverage, you know. Um, you really don't need an assistant manager if you're going to be there every day. You need, and I think we kind of talked about this when I was out there, but you need, you need a key holder, right?

 You just need somebody who can, you can go home at five o'clock or six o'clock, and they can close the door at eight. Right? Or they can open at noon so you can be at an event or something like that. And you'll probably get one or two of those. You know, two is always better if you can find them. That might be somebody at the very beginning that you have to kind of build into that position. They're a worker, you trust them.

 Hey, you know what? How would you like to be a key holder? And we kind of on Orientation Day mention that like, this is what we're looking for: is people to step up. And because, you know, Julie can't be here every day. And you're then going to really. You want roughly around seven to eight employees, even eight to nine, really, is what you're want. Okay. There's two ways you can look at it. You can do full-timers, you can do part-timers.

 We've, with you being there, we've always done kind of part-timers. And then we just give the you know, the ones that are really good 30 hours or 27 hours, something like that. But you, you, once you start doing full time, now you have to give them 32 hours. Are they 32 hours? Like, are you going to make them work a 12-hour day on Saturday in order to get their 32 hours, stuff like that? So it's, you know, it's a, it's a back and forth.

 If you find somebody that's really, really good and you're like, wow, I want this person and they're, gonna need a full-time thing. And you're like, what, I can do that. Then, yes, it's gonna be how you feel that person out. But you're really, if you in Asana, there is that staffing plan that we have built.

24:06 - Divya M
Was there an example of any of the store that they currently use that I can see? And that was yeah.

24:14 - Scott Laviano
Yep. That's actually if you look at the staffing plan in the Google Drive.

24:20 - Divya M
Can you open and share that, Scott?

24:23 - Scott Laviano
going to try. My laptop has when I've been showing my video, my laptop has been kicking me out. So let me attempt it. All right. Get out of there. Other ways to join, join here too. Here I am. There is this, and boom. All right. Where are we? Here we are. So here is the staffing plan that you can look at. This is just an Excel spreadsheet that you can kind of put hours. And the amount of people that you have.

 But if to schedule example, this is one that we had kind of started that we've been building where, in the morning, Monday during the week, you open at noon.

25:23 - Divya M
You really only Monday was, I think we have Monday closed.

25:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, yeah. Well, this is an example during the week. So, you know, from Monday to Thursday, you're really only opening up with one person. Your second person isn't really coming in until that one or two o'clock time period, right? Because, and this is where you're going to have to kind of look at how your customers are. At the very beginning, it is kind of tough to do this, but like if you only have a few customers in the beginning at the morning, well, then you don't need that second person till two.

 Because really, you have four rooms. You can move people around until that person comes in at two o'clock, and then they just start sweeping rooms. Worst case scenario, you have to sweep a room, right? I mean, right. It's funny because I was at an event with Bob last night and we were talking exactly like this. Bob will, he'll smash room two. And then if we get another booking, it'll go into room three.

 And then if we get another booking, he'll put it in room one. And then he'll sweep kind of room two in case, so we don't have to really use the big one. But by then, normally. We already have an employee that's come in and then they start cleaning the room, right? And then when you're closing, you're really only closing with two people. Again, it's gonna depend on what you are willing to do at closing time, right?

 You may need that third person who is gonna help sweep rooms if you have to and shovel rooms and stuff like that, right? Once looking at a Friday, Friday kind of changes. The mornings are still normally the same. And then, but normally on Fridays, you're closing with at least, you're starting off with at least three or four people to close. Right. The other thing that we explained to all of your employees in the beginning is: listen, we're new.

 This is new. We don't know what it's going to be like, So, yes, you may be scheduled at two o'clock, right? If all of a sudden we get bookings that come in overnight, we may call you and say, Hey, I need you to early, you know? Same as during the week, we have you leaving at 4, 4:30. We may need you to stay later, or this person on a Friday night that leaves at like 8, 8:30, right? Because normally that's when we start to die down.

 So they leave at 8, 8:30. You know what? If we are busier, please, like, we're ask you to try to stay. We do it all the time. You know, all the time send our kids messages, and a lot of them want hours. So they're like, Yeah, I'll come in early. You know, we'll be right there. Saturdays is kind of like a really big, staggering schedule. So you're, you're, you have two to three people coming in in the morning, just so that way you are.

 You know, you've got that 11 o'clock. If you have a lot of bookings at 11, you want to make sure at least take them to gear rooms and stuff. One thing that I've been going over: Stuart, Scott and Stewart's schedule. Okay. He had on Sunday, he had an employee come in at 10:30, and then he had two other employees come in at 10:30. And then he had an employee who came in at 12 and they open at 11. So I'm like, well, why do you have three people at 10:30?

 I mean, really, you only need one person at 10:30 to start the opening process at 10:50 at 10:45. You could bring in a second person, right? But really, you don't need them until 11 o'clock. So, even if you brought at 10:45, you just saved a half hour, right? That's two hours a week. That's what, 40 bucks, 30 bucks, something like that, right? Same as even during the week. If you think about it, if you have a smash at 12 o'clock, that room will not get dirty until at least 12:30.

 So, really, if you wanted to bring in a second person at opening with you to clean, you really still don't need them until 12:30 because no matter what, nothing's going to be dirty for them, right? So, those are little tricks that we kind of go over when I'm there and we're opening and stuff. And then, again, same as Sundays. Sundays, you're go anywhere from three to five people. People, really.

30:10 - Divya M
Um, so basically, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, that's when we need Friday. You can get away with three people to start with.

30:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Well, you're not going to want three people to work. Well, if you're working open to close, um, no, you kind of have four people at one time at one point for the midshift.

30:36 - Divya M
and then so yeah, I know these will get better once you know the rhythm of uh how it's gonna be, uh, but I know to start with just uh you know initially, so I know like you know, for stopping, like even when I start the interview, so I know that I can okay, have at least four for Friday and Saturday and Sunday, like five.

31:03 - Unidentified Speaker
No, Saturday, you're going to have at least probably eight people, seven people. Eight people. Yeah, you're going to have different shifts. What's that?

31:14 - Divya M
On different shifts, like you have mentioned here, like right? Yeah.

31:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep, you're staggering them basically. So, again, you're closing with three, maybe four people, depending on how busy you are at the night time. But all of your business is right in this period, right in here. Right? So that's where you want the majority of the people.

31:36 - Divya M
Sorry, which one? Can you go again? Which was the majority you were saying?

31:40 - Unidentified Speaker
You know, right in the middle of the day. So if I actually, if let me do this, let me do let me do this and let me do this. And let us look at in the dashboard. We actually have revenue trends, right? Um, so let's pull up uh Glendale, all right. New store has opened. So this kind of shows what their sales were during the week. So you can see she had like no business after six o'clock. On Saturday is when she did the most of her business between two and five, really.

 Fridays was between four and seven, but then she really didn't do anything after that. If you look at Rochester, all right. And this is just one, this is just for the week. So, you know, Rochester was, you know, they had a couple bookings on Saturday morning and then at 11. Then they got busy, really busy at 1 p.m., stayed steady throughout the rest of the day, and then just died. Right. Same as Friday.

 So, this is where you're like, all the stores are normally the same. Tuesdays is normally busier. So, you bring it, you make sure you're closing with more on a Tuesday only because it's smash 50 on Tuesday, right? So, you have, do you have that extra person in case you are busier? But that's why that the staffing, this right here. If you think of it this way as a guide, and then we just move people up and down, that will work for you.



33:44 - Divya M
Okay.

33:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

33:47 - Divya M
I think, as and when I go through it, I'll have probably more questions.

33:52 - Unidentified Speaker
And that is definitely why what while we are there, because you're going to make a schedule. Normally, a lot of the stores don't even make the schedule until we are there. Because you hire them on you bring them in on Wednesday. They work and you're just getting their availability. You're getting all that information, you between Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. And that when it's like, and a lot of times I'm like, you know, we need to make a schedule now.

 And the owners are like, yeah, yeah, we're to it. We're going to get to it. And Saturday they're making the schedule for the next week. So.

34:29 - Divya M
For the salary, you could just go with the minimum wages that start for that state?

34:38 - Unidentified Speaker
You know, we've always done a dollar more.

34:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

34:43 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. But for us, we've always, and I don't know about Rochester pays, it's going to be based on what other people pay in your area, really. And I mean, I wouldn't really think about like what McDonald's and stuff is paying, but what are other people paying in the area? If your minimum wage is 15, are they paying 16? Are they paying 17? You know, ours is 13, I think, and we pay 14 now.

35:11 - Divya M
I think ours is, it looks like 17.13.

35:16 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, so most likely it'll be 18.19. 18. Yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. Right, Kellie?

35:24 - Kellie Shortino
Yep. We're right around there, even higher, actually.

35:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

35:28 - Scott Laviano
So, but and that's you know, and that's where you can look at full-time, part-time. You're gonna pay a full-time person more than $18 an hour. But if you're hiring a college student, high school student, you know, somebody that just got out of college that is still living at home and stuff like that. They're not, they're going to work for the dollar above. Okay.

35:54 - Divya M
Okay. And for any working in store, do I get, do I take the pay too, or how does that work?

36:01 - Scott Laviano
You want to get paid?

36:03 - Divya M
What? I better get paid because I know I quit my job for this.

36:10 - Scott Laviano
so I mean that's how you got you're going to get with your accountant on that you know yeah um if you put an investment in normally they say instead of you taking a payroll check you are taking your investment back so that way you're not paying payroll taxes on it right yeah but yeah but that's it that's an accountant thing it's you know you're probably taking a draw or you'll do something like that that.



36:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

36:39 - Divya M
What do others do? Like, do what do you do for your store? Do you do you take? Like, I know of you, probably your store is all well established and you have a manager and they are taking part. But for us, it's not part of owner. Like, it is somebody's job, right? As the manager. Like, if I was an owner and I'm not working, and if it was just the manager, that person would probably get this.

37:04 - Scott Laviano
So, one, I don't get paid. In my store, but I'm not there anymore, and I don't, and I legally do not own that. So let's talk Bob and Dave, right? Because Bob and Dave own the store. Bob works there every day of the week. That is his job. Dave works. Yep. He opens, he basically works 45 to 50 hours like you are. He is you.

37:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

37:30 - Scott Laviano
Dave is the backup where. There as well. He's not really coverage. He is in the store helping, but he's networking and all of that. We do not have a GM. We have a couple key holders, and that's it. And Bob and Dave take a small monetary dollar amount that they take out, less than what they had hoped, more than what. They thought they could, kind of, you know. So, you know, we were talking about it yesterday.

 As a single, actually, it's crazy. We were talking, Dave and I were talking about this exactly. Because it's the two of them, they have to split that income, right? But if it was just one of them or a family, now you're getting all of that. And I don't know how they do it through the accountant. All I know is they just. If I go in and I look at the bank account, it says that there was money withdrawn and deposited into their bank account.

 That's all I, you know. Okay. Yeah. But it's definitely pay your, I'll guarantee it's going to be pay your uh your investment back first. You know, take it that way.

38:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

38:50 - Scott Laviano
Yep. And that's right. All right. Feeling good. Good? We're getting close. So you want? Yeah. Can I, can I? I know you're going to hate me. Can I delay you until the 29th?

39:04 - Divya M
No, no, why?

39:07 - Scott Laviano
Because my granddaughter is going to be in Massachusetts the week of the 22nd. So there's no reason for me to go out to Everett except for you, which I'm not saying I don't want to go out there because of you.

39:23 - Divya M
Where you can be here from the 19th all the way to the 29th, Scott.

39:29 - Scott Laviano
I know, I and I was like, oh, I know this is going to happen. I know it's going to happen. So, yeah, it is what it is, you know. But cool.

39:38 - Scott Laviano
All right.

39:39 - Scott Laviano
You are good.

39:43 - Divya M
What and we'll probably have more questions as in I, you know, play with that schedule, and I'll have questions on when you know I start the interviews and see how it's going and get some inputs from you, Scott.

39:57 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, and the interviews you do, I mean, you're gonna want to start them soon. You're gonna want to get that done now because you don't want to hire them too early, but you don't want to, you know, because it's.

40:07 - Scott Laviano
their kids.

40:08 - Divya M
Yeah, I think I'll start the post and probably by next Monday.

40:15 - Scott Laviano
So, yeah, that'll be good. And then you could spend the week of interviewing, and you know, review everything, spend a week of interviewing, and then you're scheduling everybody to be in on the 19th. So, yeah, that's that sounds perfect. And then, um, am probably going to actually have a meeting with your goodwill while I'm out there. Kevin and I are try to schedule something. So it might be for the Tuesday the 18th, if everything goes right.

 And I would have you go with me. And it would pretty much be an introduction from them to, you know, for the two of you. So that way we can eliminate the franchise. And when you need pallets, you just call, you John or Susie, whoever it is. And, like, yeah. And that way you have that personal relationship with them. You can deal with them one-on-one. It'll go nicely. Okay.

41:15 - Divya M
Yeah. All right.

41:18 - Scott Laviano
Thank you. You are welcome. You have a great weekend, and we will talk to you next week.

41:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

41:25 - Divya M
Thank you, guys.

41:26 - Kellie Shortino
Bye.

41:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks, Kellie.

41:28 - Divya M
Bye.