Everett weekly calls
Fri, Jul 17, 2026

0:00 - Kellie Shortino
Going?

0:01 - Divya M
Good, how are you, Kellie?

0:03 - Kellie Shortino
Good, good. Doing pretty well. How's everything going for you guys with the store?

0:13 - Divya M
I think it's it's slowly but surely getting there.

0:16 - Kellie Shortino
Oh, yeah, long process.

0:19 - Divya M
Yeah, and thank you for sending the details off Facebook because I know I saw that on the dashboard, but but like, I can't say whether this is good or not, right? Because you've seen so many stores and how the market is doing. So, do you think it's doing good, great, or is it just as any other stores that you've seen? What do you think on that?

0:43 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, let me pull up the number again. But we've seen stores that have, you know, only 350 leads total, and you guys are at. 250 already, and they've only been on for a little over a week. So that's really good. Like, I some people end up with 1500, some people end up with 500. So you guys are looking good with 250 and only like a little over a week and a half of the ads running so far. So that's really good.

 Same thing with the website, the active users, amazing. 600 people going to your website. That's great. And then ads, ads is a little bit harder because there is no, there's no way for people to buy things. So you're not going to see any return on that. But like all the impressions and clicks all look good. The click-through rate of two and a half is pretty good for them not being able to, you know, like buy anything.



1:37 - Divya M
Okay. And when you say leads, like what does leads mean?

1:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:43 - Kellie Shortino
So that's pretty much people that fill out like the form. So it'll be like, sign up with your email for information about our opening. So that's going people that like on Facebook.

1:55 - Divya M
Yep.

1:55 - Kellie Shortino
So that's people that have signed up either directly on Facebook or went to the website from and then filled out the form on your webpage.

2:02 - Divya M
And where are those information? You guys have it? Yeah.

2:06 - Kellie Shortino
So this goes into our, it's called the CRM. So basically, we have everyone's name email, and that's where we'll send, we're opening in two weeks, we're opening in a week. Use this code, and that's where we'll send all the emails out from

2:19 - Divya M
So that will be even closer to the time. Like you will be sending to those specific leads who have interest. So you will send the blast to them. Yes.

2:29 - Kellie Shortino
Yep. Exactly. So they'll get, you know, we're opening August, whatever. And then they'll get, you know, here's your discount code to book. So, all the people, that's what people signed up to get the code, and then for the updates on the opening.

2:41 - Divya M
Oh, that's awesome. So, you're saying that is around like 250 or something right now?

2:45 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, right now, yep, right now it's 250, which is really good. And you still have, you know, time to go until you actually open. So, definitely going to be a lot more people added to that list.

2:57 - Divya M
Okay, perfect. That makes it better for me. Thank you for sharing that. Of course.

3:03 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, we always see those numbers go up. And then, also, as people, book, they'll also get added to the list and they'll get different promos and all that type of stuff as well.

3:14 - Divya M
Okay, awesome. That's great.

3:17 - Kellie Shortino
So that's looking good for you guys. Other than that, we did put the signage package order through. So that should be. It usually takes between two and three weeks. It comes in, I think it's three or four boxes. So that is set there for you.

3:34 - Divya M
And why doesn't it signage package? Yep.

3:37 - Kellie Shortino
So that is all your interior stuff. So it's like your gear room rules, the signs for in there. In the smash room that says the rules, it'll be like promo posters that you put up throughout the store of the different activities. So it's basically anything that's going to be like hung up on your walls inside.

3:54 - Divya M
Okay.

3:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

3:56 - Kellie Shortino
So they're all like, you know, laminated and all ready to go when they get to you. You just got to hang them up. But I'm pretty sure Ops does that. When they come for your opening, they'll help you hang everything up.

4:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

4:10 - Kellie Shortino
But I think that you can touch on that. So that's ordered just takes a few weeks to get there. And then the next steps for me or us is, let's see. So, we'll be creating a Google page, an Apple Maps page, TripAdvisor. Yelp, we create all of those, so you don't have to do any of that. I will probably reach out because Google likes to verify the location. So, I'll probably reach out to you with directions.

 It makes you take a video of your space so that it verifies that you're a real business. But I'll send you that once. Sometimes it requires it, sometimes it doesn't. So, I'll send you guys information on that if it makes me. And then let's see what else.

4:52 - Divya M
And also, can you check to make sure that it says suit one?

4:57 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, I mean, make note of that.

5:00 - Divya M
And like in the Google apps as well, like it says a suit one. So when they click, it is coming to the front and not the back. Yeah.

5:10 - Kellie Shortino
And then the other part of that. So there's a little Asana task that says, like, a screenshot of your business location. So, with that, I basically like to make sure that the, you know, what you just said, like the pointer actually goes to where your store is because sometimes if you have a general address, it just goes to the plaza. So, if you can like take a screenshot of your store and then put like a little dot or a pin above exactly where it is or what business it's next to, just so I can make sure it's on the right spot, you can either email that or attach it on Asana there.



5:44 - Divya M
Okay.

5:45 - Divya M
Yeah, I can do that.

5:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

5:49 - Kellie Shortino
And then last piece of that, and I'll ping Scott or Alex to see where they are. It's also a little far out, but once I get your Google page set up, we have, there's an option. You can either respond to reviews yourself because we'll give you access to the business page. So you can either like type out each response and reply to people, or we have a bot. That responds automatically. If someone leaves a five-star and they say, time with my family, it responds and says, So glad you had fun.

 Like, can't wait to see you back. If you want to see what those look like, you can, I think every store has it on besides Cypress, I think it is, and Farmingdale. So if you search up any iSmash Google reviews, you can see what it looks like, just wanted to ask if you wanted to turn that bot on or if you guys wanted to respond yourself. And if you don't have an answer right now, we can touch on it next week too.



6:41 - Divya M
I don't think I have an answer right now, but it will be pretty cool, at least for the initial time, for us to personally respond to them. But like to see what the bot says. So I'll look up in other stores page. To see how it does. And I want to make sure it feels like a human responding because I know everything is A these days. So I just take a look and I'll let you know. Okay.

7:06 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, no problem. And you can also edit the response too. Like if you opt to have it on, you can always edit the response that it puts on there if you don't like it.

7:15 - Divya M
Okay, so we can edit and put that too. Yep.

7:18 - Kellie Shortino
And then, yeah, we can always turn it on and off as needed if you're getting. Really busy and oh my gosh, you don't have time to respond to 70 reviews, we can always turn it on.

7:27 - Divya M
Okay, and does it take like, do we have to contact you, or can we turn it on and off?

7:32 - Kellie Shortino
Um, you'll have to reach out to us just because it's on like a different platform on the back end here. Yep.

7:38 - Divya M
Then let's go ahead and have it turned on. But if it comes to where, if it's less, and like you said, we can also overwrite it, right? We can edit it.

7:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep, exactly.

7:49 - Divya M
I think then let's just keep it. Oh, yes.

7:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

7:54 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, I think it responds within like an hour or two of someone leaving a review and maybe even sooner. So, yeah, you'll have time to either search it. Yep.

8:01 - Divya M
Yeah, that's good because then they are getting the response right away. So I think I would like that.

8:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Awesome.

8:08 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, if you ever change your mind, let us know.

8:11 - Divya M
Okay, sure. Awesome.

8:13 - Kellie Shortino
Do you have any other questions marketing wise? Um, before I hand you over to Scott?

8:19 - Divya M
Uh, I don't think as of now I do, and if I do, I'm sending you emails anyway with questions. So, thank you for being uh, you know, very responsive on that. Yeah, of course.

8:31 - Kellie Shortino
All right, I'll be on here if you do, but I'll hand you over to Scott.

8:34 - Scott Laviano
Okay, thank Sorry, I'm late. My phone never said I had an appointment, and then all of wait, what time is that? Everett call? And sure enough, sure enough, I was late. So I apologize. Oh, you're good. How are you doing today?

8:54 - Divya M
Doing great. It's a Friday and Fridays are always awesome.

8:59 - Scott Laviano
Yes, you're such a liar. But yes, of course they are. Fridays are always awesome. Yes. Obi on construction.

9:13 - Divya M
Is Bharath on this call?

9:15 - Bharath Mysore
So, Scott, I think our fire alarm inspection got through, but there is some logistics issue between Carney and the GC here. We were supposed to have ceiling inspection done like this week. They have not done that yet, but there isn't anything blocking them from doing it. So when I talked to Ronald, Ronald mentioned. By like around 28th or 29th, they should be done. Like, we should, all the inspections should be done, and we should be getting CO or like at least try to apply for CEO by that time.



9:53 - Scott Laviano
Right. Yeah, that gives us about two weeks, pretty much that week of getting your CO. And then, after you get your CO, then it's going to be putting everything together and getting the store set up and ready to go for grand opening. All right. So your drop ceiling is actually in, or is that the inspection he was saying? The above ceiling?

10:21 - Bharath Mysore
That's the inspection that is pending.

10:23 - Scott Laviano
Okay, that's the one that's inspection. Good. Let's see. Drywall and plywood should be good everywhere, right? Nice. Flooring.

10:37 - Bharath Mysore
uh, flooring. I think the the whatever we had when you visited it's the same thing, it's just that the transitions and some final polishing, wherever they have concrete, that is left out.

10:50 - Scott Laviano
Okay, so transitions and polish, nice. All right, and then you're the base probably won't go down till later. What base? What is it? You know, the base that goes around all the where the floor meets the walls. I see. The baseboard? Yeah. Yeah, like that rubber baseboard stuff. All right. Metal smash walls are good. Nice. Have they put paint room shelves yet? Yes.

11:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

11:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

11:28 - Bharath Mysore
corners, right? On at some certain height, yes, they have put that up.

11:32 - Scott Laviano
All right, perfect. And then plywood ceiling in the smash room still needs to do. Uh, restaurant, uh, restaurant. Oh, my lord, restroom fixtures and construction. How are we on the restrooms there? Your bathrooms, how are the bathrooms?

11:55 - Unidentified Speaker
They were.

11:58 - Scott Laviano
Well, I know they were really good. Like, you weren't really touching your bathrooms at all. Um, so is that still the case? They don't have anything to do with your bathrooms, right? Yeah, okay, that's what I thought. I knew that. Uh, cash wrap. Have they started the cash wrap yet or no?

12:16 - Bharath Mysore
Uh, they are supposed to do it this week, but I will follow up with them. I haven't gotten any response from Ronald yet.

12:25 - Scott Laviano
All right. I'm just going to take this week and see if it actually puts a date next to this week or not. Ah, it says just now. Sure, it will. Paint room floors. They probably haven't done that yet, right? The rubber floor mats?

12:41 - Divya M
No.

12:42 - Scott Laviano
Have you guys ordered your rubber floor mats yet?

12:45 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, they're all there and they're available for them to put it out.

12:50 - Scott Laviano
Nice. Good, good, good. In stock, just need install. Nice. All right. If we go, have they mounted anything yet? Like, have they mounted any of your T V s or your gear room racks or anything like that?

13:11 - Bharath Mysore
Uh no, none of them in gear room racks. They have mounted the T they have the T V mounts put up, but once the ceiling is done, they said they're gonna put the T V s out.

13:21 - Scott Laviano
then, yeah, okay. All right, but at least the mounts are there. All right, good, good, good. Uh, they haven't done your tool racks in your smash rooms yet, right? Tool racks in the tool racks in the smash that, yeah, that go behind the door that holds your um weapons.

13:47 - Bharath Mysore
No, not yet.

13:49 - Scott Laviano
That's right, Tiger. There, I'm getting now as I'm going down the list. I'm getting to the later stuff that probably isn't even close yet. So, all right, plumbing your paint cleanup sink. Did they end up installing that already?

14:05 - Bharath Mysore
Yet, yes, yes, they had it installed.

14:10 - Scott Laviano
Nice, and then your bathrooms are good, drinking fountains. As we call them, water bubblers in Massachusetts.

14:20 - Divya M
We have one. We'll check it out this weekend if it's like in good condition.

14:25 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, a lot of times you just have to clean them or get it like a new filter for them. Is a lot of that. So good, nice. All right. Is good. Electrical and your smash rooms are good, paint rooms are good. Does electrical have anything else they have to do? Emergency lights or exit signs or anything?

14:51 - Bharath Mysore
Uh I think so. That's the fire alarm thing, right? I don't know if Constantine.

14:56 - Scott Laviano
Well, yeah, less not really fire alarm, but like they have all your outlets in your gear rooms, they have outlets in the back end. I know a lot of these eldest they had, like your exit signs and your emergency signs are more what I'm worried about. This we don't need. I can delete that task. Like cash wrap, they still have to put power in the cash wrap. Yeah. Front end TV. Okay. Sprinklers are good and fire alarm is good.

 Graffiti. When's graffiti planned?

15:38 - Bharath Mysore
We haven't emailed Cameron yet. We're thinking like 30th, 31st. 30th of 13th.

15:50 - Scott Laviano
You're going to want to get him on your schedule no matter what. And then. You are gonna have to get with Ronald just to make sure the dates work because you said so. Pretty much you want him there right after Ronald says you're gonna get your CO, right? Okay, as what? Well, if Ronald, because so Cameron can't, Cameron will not be in the building with anybody else, all right? So, you can't have any construction going on.

 He honestly doesn't like it when you guys are there either. But I would tell him, too bad, you own the building. So if you need to be there, you can be there. But so if you're looking at getting him, if the CO goes good for the 29th and you have him there that week after, just remember, the longer he's there, the longer it's pushing your grand opening. Okay. Right. So if he's not there until the 30th or the 31st, if it takes him, you know, three or four days, that means he would have, you'd have to be 100% done on the fourth in order to open on the 15th.

 Okay. And then the 11th would be the 22nd. So kind of just. Keep that in mind: that you still have to have like your jumpsuit, your jumpsuits all on the racks. Your gloves have to be on the shelves. All your TVs are up and everything like that before we can announce your opening.

17:30 - Divya M
So, that is you're saying the fourth.

17:34 - Scott Laviano
What's that?

17:36 - Divya M
That is what was the date you said that everything has to be there for us to be opening like the 15th.

17:42 - Scott Laviano
If you want to open on the 15th, you have to have everything 100 completed by the 4th, the latest.

17:49 - Divya M
By the fourth, okay.

17:50 - Scott Laviano
Right. Yep. Which means all your, you know, your lobby chairs, your racking, gloves, brooms. The other thing that we really need to know is when can we deliver your goodwill? And this one's really important because if we try to get your goodwill to start making 40s early or making Gaylords early, and then we don't take it, they're going to deny and not allow us to pick up anything anymore. Kevin's worried about your goodwill because if we lose them, we lose basically everything you need to get stuff.

 So we want to make sure that we are very confident on when we can get them.

18:50 - Bharath Mysore
So how early should we have to tell them to start delivering it?

18:54 - Scott Laviano
it, I mean, I would like it there as soon as you can take it in the back room.

19:04 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, so we have, yeah, I think by definitely by the 28th, like the only gating thing is the inspection. After that, we can start taking it in.

19:15 - Scott Laviano
Right. And you can take it before your inspection. That's not a big deal because it would be in the back room.

19:21 - Bharath Mysore
No, we were told not to put anything in there. That's that there was a big argument between Carney and the GC about these things.

19:31 - Scott Laviano
Wait, between Carney and the GC, or between you and the GC, or you and Carney? Because Carney and the GC should be to the same people person.

19:39 - Bharath Mysore
No, apparently, there's differences. So the guy who is building over there, he doesn't want to bring in things there because. Worried about not getting inspection through. But Ronald says that we can take it take it in, but that's where the disagreement was.

19:58 - Scott Laviano
Okay. And that's going to be your guys' decision then. We will, if we don't schedule anything. Into the store until that first week of August, that's going to put a delay on your opening as well.

20:15 - Bharath Mysore
So if we can get the delivery by 4th of August, how does that sound?

20:21 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, if we can get the stuff, if we can get your deliveries in before the 4th, you'll be good because we need your canvas trays, we need your paint. We need your glassware. And we need all your electronics. Those are major things that we're going to need to make sure that we order correctly at the exact time we need it.

20:44 - Scott Laviano
So, okay.

20:48 - Scott Laviano
Today's the 17th. All right. I mean, let's plan on, I'll tell Kevin that we should plan on taking stuff in maybe the week of the fourth.

21:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

21:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

21:01 - Scott Laviano
Is that you want me to explain that?

21:03 - Bharath Mysore
Yes.

21:05 - Scott Laviano
Okay. Okay. I'm just, I'm still looking at the calendar. Cause you guys, we want you to be the 15th, but it's going to be close. It'll be close. It's going to depend on your G, on your CO. If your CO, if Ronald doesn't get your CO on the 28th or the 29th, that's going to throw everything off. So we'll go from there. All right. Any more questions on your ordering of your OI sheet?

21:42 - Divya M
Oh, I had one question for the PCs. I know it said three PC on there. So we had two. And can we the third one? Is it for like the front for us? Can we use a laptop for it? So that was my question.

22:00 - Scott Laviano
You should only have two comp two PCs and then you should have two mini PCs as well.

22:12 - Divya M
What is what is mini PCs?

22:15 - Scott Laviano
So what you're going to do is you're going to have a, you're going to have a computer at your front desk, right, at your cash wrap. And then you're also going to have a computer in your back room. All right. The mini PCs, the mini PCs are going to go on your lobby TV and it's going to go in your event room TV. And that's where we download your camera software to it. It. So that's where the two mini PCs are going to come in.

 Okay. All right. And then those you actually mount them kind of behind the TV and everything. Let me see. I'm pulling up your OI sheet now to see what you were asking.

23:07 - Scott Laviano
Let's see.

23:08 - Scott Laviano
It says mini PC. You should have two of them, which makes sense. And then computer.

23:21 - Bharath Mysore
Is that the regular computers or something else?

23:24 - Scott Laviano
Mini computers. They're mini, they're little, they're little boxes that get mounted behind your TV. And that's how we're going to run your camera system. System on.

23:36 - Bharath Mysore
Can you show that which one are you talking about, Scott? I mean.

23:42 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. Let me, I gotta log in and get this. Let me see. But it does only call for one PC, one computer in the front and one computer in the back. So let me mini PC, mini PC. All right. Now let me find out where the meeting is so I can share my screen. Nope. All right. All right, can you see these right here? These are the mini PCs that you're going to get.

24:40 - Bharath Mysore
So we need two of these?

24:42 - Scott Laviano
Yep. Yep, you need two.

24:45 - Bharath Mysore
Oh, is there any alternative? It's not saying it's not available.

24:51 - Scott Laviano
Mini PC. They might. I know there was another link. I wonder if that other link had a different one. Yeah, this one. This one's in stock.

25:12 - Bharath Mysore
So, how is this used? This is used to.

25:16 - Scott Laviano
So, what's going to end up happening is we, you know, how you have, you've hardwired your. Event room TV, and you've hardwired your lobby TV, right? You have Cat, you have Cat6 cable going to them.

25:34 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, yeah, yes.

25:35 - Scott Laviano
So that's what this is going to plug into. So your Ethernet is going to plug into this computer, and then this computer is going to have an HDMI that goes from the computer to the TV, and then on the TV. You will actually open up the computer software, which I don't think it's going to work for me, but I'm going try. It's called the Easy Station that we download, it's in the Asana on your camera software.

 And all you do is download this, you download the software. You know, you download this software, and then your computer will be your TVs, your cameras will be right here. Of course, it's not working for me because I'm not at the store, unfortunately. And that's how you're going to show your cameras.

26:35 - Bharath Mysore
No, can't we share that screen directly to the customer?

26:39 - Scott Laviano
No, you can't. The only way to do it is with a mini PC.

26:46 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, we've ordered one of them. I thought there was only one needed, so I ordered one of them. And this, you have three, I mean, I think the one that we ordered 400 or 500, something like that.

26:58 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, yep. So you'll need two. You got to make sure you'll have the second one. I see.

27:03 - Bharath Mysore
The one of them is for the lobby, other one is for the party room.

27:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

27:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

27:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

27:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

27:10 - Scott Laviano
And then your your backroom computer will actually just will use the large PC that you're ordering that you're buying for the backroom. We'll run the cameras off of that computer because it'll be right below the T V. So no problems with that.

27:31 - Bharath Mysore
Sorry, I didn't get that. So backroom, we have a Ethernet connection and a PC over there. We are going to install this software that you just showed. Yep, and that will be just rendering it as is like as yeah, yep, exactly.

27:46 - Scott Laviano
And that'll run your TV in the back, so you won't have to worry about that's why you don't need another piece, you only need the two of them instead of three. Uh, let's see, what don't we have? Business cards, bulk rice. Um, you can get like it says, Costco, Sam's BJs. Clothes-toed shoes. You're still going to the restaurant store to get your condiment cups and stuff like that, right?

28:15 - Divya M
No, we're going to order. So I've placed the order. I think it'll be here in a few days.

28:22 - Scott Laviano
Oh, for like this stuff?

28:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

28:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

28:26 - Divya M
It's in our Amazon cart. It's go through today.

28:30 - Scott Laviano
Okay. Perfect. Nice. As for sludge hammers and all of that, you guys have a harbor freight near you?

28:41 - Divya M
Yeah, we ordered, I think, we just need three more. That's why I haven't marked it because out of, I think, eight, we have five. We just need like a couple more. So that's why I haven't marked it yet.

28:55 - Scott Laviano
Okay. These are. I swear I changed these. Those are tablet chargers. We don't need mounts, 10-inch tablets. There's no link for the tablets that you're going to have to get, only because you can really get any one of them.

29:18 - Divya M
We haven't really and we need three for that, right?

29:24 - Scott Laviano
Three is preferred, yes. You can get away with two. But three is your best.

29:31 - Divya M
Oh, we have two, and we've already ordered that.

29:34 - Scott Laviano
Okay, perfect.

29:37 - Bharath Mysore
What's that? Why do we need two of them?

29:40 - Scott Laviano
It's going to be fewer employees to help customers. It's how you're going to actually walk the customers around. You know, you've got somebody at the cash wrap helping somebody, and then another customer comes in. Well, you need to check them in and take care of them. But if somebody's on the computer, you can't. So you're going to have the tablet, and that's how you're going to check them in and then bring them to the gear room and all of that.



30:05 - Bharath Mysore
So one tablet is enough, right? Why do we need?

30:07 - Scott Laviano
three? No, I would say no. One tablet is not enough because one person's be using that tablet. And then what are you going to do with another customer? Like in Macon this weekend, the owner dev would not let go of his tablet the entire time. So it was automatically, he had that. So then we had to use the other two tablets for other customers or to go around and help. For employees. Jumpsuits. I know I keep saying it, but

30:43 - Divya M
No, I've scheduled the install. I had to move it because of the inspection. So he was all ready. So I have it for August 3rd installation for us.

30:53 - Scott Laviano
Okay. Yep. As long as he's got 'em. Good, good, good, good. Your containers, you said you're ordering. You don't need Loctite, actually. Oh, it actually is a zero. Okay. Because you don't have ax lanes. Did you order this metal rack for your windshields?

31:18 - Divya M
I think Pratt was going to somebody was going to make this. Scott, was it Ronald?

31:25 - Scott Laviano
That's where you could ask Ronald to make it. I believe he had said something about it, but

31:30 - Divya M
yeah, I believe in the call he said he can make that.

31:34 - Bharath Mysore
So this is fixed, right? It's what? This is like, meaning, so what we had done is since we already have some windshields, so I'm making this like I made some d dollies, a movable things, which are like around four or five dollies, which have some things which can where we can stack up or hold the hold the windshields. But it is movable.

32:01 - Scott Laviano
Send me a picture of it. Let me see what it looks like, And we can see if that'll work or if you're need, like, this is where you're going to store all your like the whole 70 windshields you're going to have in stock at all times, you know?

32:13 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. Another thing, Scott, this is the way the windshield guys told us to put that is horizontally, not vertically, because if you put vertically, it is going to crumble on its own weight that's fine that's why we we thought okay the the way the other way was to use some like we use dollies to move in things where it is going to lie flat on the not lie flat but lie uh it's going to be like uh the base is going to be longer the so that the height is smaller something like that that.



32:48 - Scott Laviano
So you're looking like this is what he's saying. Yeah.

32:54 - Bharath Mysore
Not like this, but there will I will send you a picture of it.

32:58 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. So we have this in Tampa. The problem is, is you can actually within this, you can only hold roughly about 24, maybe about 24, I get on there. Um, really shoved because there's only nine slots. Um, and then because you lay them the long way this way, they take up more space, a lot more space. Um, that's why, with this, when you're standing them vertical this way, they actually hold better.

33:35 - Bharath Mysore
But and doesn't it crumble on its own weight?

33:38 - Scott Laviano
Because that's why, no, it doesn't.

33:41 - Bharath Mysore
So, how many can go in each of these?

33:45 - Scott Laviano
Oh, each of these? Yeah, I mean, that depends on Kellie. She may even know that one because I don't have one of these in Tampa, but you could fit probably a good 20 or so, 15 inside one of these.

34:02 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, I would say probably 15-ish.

34:06 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because again, you don't have to worry about them scratching, right? We don't care if the windshields scratch because they already have scratches and dents and everything on them. Okay. I see. So, um, all right. So that one, you're going to want to make sure, Mira's modem. Um, two things that I'm not sure that are on here. Um, one is going to be a dust. Broom or they call it a dust mop but let me uh and you'll know what this is as soon as I one of these brooms right with the flat flat thing at the beginning yeah we don't have this on the oi sheet um just because we haven't found a really good inexpensive place to buy it as of right now um But we're noticing in a the stores, they're not having this and they're using a regular push broom to sweep your floors and your hallway floors and your lobby floors and your event room.

 It takes forever to try to use a regular broom. So you're going to want to get one of these as well.

35:24 - Divya M
Can you just put this link on the OISheet and I'll try to find one?

35:29 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. Yeah, and that's why I said don't like this one's probably really expensive to go through.

35:35 - Bharath Mysore
No, just so we know there are some brooms that are already listed in here.

35:42 - Divya M
What is what are those used for to push the glass and stuff, all the broken stuff to clean up?

35:54 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, like you're gonna have a regular push broom. You're have a regular push broom. Where'd you go? Right here. I keep seeing it.

36:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Ah!

36:13 - Scott Laviano
This one. So this broom you're going to have to clean the actual smash rooms and all of that. Okay. But to try to clean your lobby and all that, this will take forever for you to try to mop for them to try to clean the rooms. So was there anything else on here that you're kind of questioning or anything or scissors, sludge hammers? What about your printer and your cash wrap? Did you order those yet?



36:49 - Divya M
The printer, I was not able to find a good one. Like right now, the link that you have is unavailable from quite some time.

36:59 - Scott Laviano
Well, that's for a regular printer, right? Not the register printer.

37:04 - Divya M
Oh, the printer. Okay, which one are you talking? With that which came with the lock box, like the cash box?

37:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

37:15 - Divya M
We already have that, like the small roller printer, right? Like the small one.

37:19 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, we already. You have that, and you have the cash drawer to go with it.

37:23 - Divya M
Yeah, we have the cash drawer as well. Yes.

37:26 - Scott Laviano
Okay. Good, good, good, good. Those are the most true important things.

37:30 - Divya M
Yeah, the printer I was talking about is like a regular printer, which is unavailable in Amazon. Yeah. So I don't know if you guys have any alternative for that. Yeah. You can use it.

37:40 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, you can get anything. You can get any printer. It doesn't have to be this one. I think Alex had just found this one because it was a really price, or it a good one. What I do recommend is get a printer that is Bluetooth-enabled. And the reason why I would say do that is because if I can find the right page, I'm looking for in the brand portal. Right. You know, the marketing portal that you get all your signs and everything.

 Yes. So if you actually go into there, mine doesn't want to load. There is a sign that there's a couple of signs that you can print. One of them says like print your rage. So what we've been doing is we've been taking the printer, putting it at the cash wrap with that sign on it. And then customers, as they come in, they can just Bluetooth your printer and print a photo of somebody that they want to throw stuff at.

 And then we'll tape them to the walls. Just it's kind of just to make it more personal. You need a printer anyways, but that's why if a Bluetooth one, it's quick and easy for them to go in there.

39:00 - Divya M
Okay, I'll find one and I'll order that.

39:04 - Scott Laviano
Cool. Let's see. What else did we have? Inspections we know about staffing. We're still a little out on staffing, right? You don't need a manager because you're going to be managing it. It's just employees. So you're going to want to start that. Actually, you're going to want to start talking to people pretty soon. You're going to want to probably start making a post either late next week or the following week, really.

 Because if you want to open on the 15th, your employees are all going to come in on the 12th.

39:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

39:48 - Scott Laviano
All right. So that's why you want to at least, I would think between these two weeks, start finding some people that you'll be able to hire, letting them know that the plan is anywhere from the 15th to the 22nd. You know, they'll be coming in the Wednesday before that. So they don't.

40:10 - Divya M
expect to be Where do we post the ads? Is there any specific from iSpash? Because I know if we go to Indeed and all, you pay for those subscriptions.

40:23 - Scott Laviano
Yep. So you can do Indeed. And actually, I believe there's a whole section in here on job ads, right? In here, this will kind of talk about how you can doing it.

40:38 - Divya M
can you show what it does?

40:41 - Scott Laviano
Let's see. Oh, You know what? I'm it's funny because I'm on that page, not this page. But in your Asana, you'll see under HR: here's your job aids, um, hiring staff talks about everything all in here. Now, the way they say to do it with Indeed, there's a little trick, right? You post. Full on Indeed. However, when you find an employee that you want, you call them, say, Hey, we saw your resume or your application in Indeed.

 We'd like to schedule an interview. Just be aware that we are deny your application on Indeed. And what ends up happening is you call them. When you deny their application on Denit, on Indeed, it doesn't charge you, but you've already talked to them. Okay, you know what I mean? So you're kind of like posting it, getting all the information from Indeed, and then denying them all on Indeed, so you're not paying and calling them individually.



41:50 - Divya M
I see.

41:51 - Scott Laviano
Okay, yeah, yeah, kind of good way to do it. I know, oh, go ahead.

41:58 - Divya M
I will go through this because I haven't explored the HR side of this. So if I have more questions, I'll probably just email you guys.

42:05 - Scott Laviano
Okay. And then if you go to your Google, if you go to here, right? And we go to your shared docs. And then there is, and I know there is human resources. Click, click. So here is a bunch of stuff. On interview process, staffing guide. You know, there's a lot of job descriptions.

42:31 - Divya M
To post. Okay.

42:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

42:32 - Scott Laviano
So there's a lot of stuff in here. And then Sana, or it's in here. You'll have to ask. Yeah, you'll have to ask Jacquie and them where it is. But they actually have a graphic for you to put on Facebook.

42:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

42:48 - Scott Laviano
So we can see the portal, but I got to double check.

42:51 - Scott Laviano
it's uh in which one, yeah. You think it's in the board? Double check, yeah. Yeah, and I know it's somewhere, and they have it. It's like a now hiring that you can actually take and put it on your Facebook so that'll help get people cool because if everybody's gonna stick Facebook, I probably they will the interviews will come from Facebook itself, yeah, and it is that's what I would. I would, you know, I would just post it on there, you'll get a bunch of people.

 People, friends, family, neighbors. Oh, hey, you're hiring. Yeah, we want it, we want somebody. So, yeah, I'll go through that.

43:28 - Divya M
I haven't explored that part of the drive yet. I will go through it.

43:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, nice.

43:35 - Scott Laviano
All right, let's see. I think here, staffing, hiring, signage. We all know about signage, they are uh. You got your phone number, right? Or did you not get that?

43:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, you did get it, right? Yes.

43:52 - Scott Laviano
That's what I thought. I just remembered I still had need phone numbers, so now we just do that so I don't ask that question again. Your indoor signage, you are that's all ordered and being shipped.

44:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

44:07 - Scott Laviano
Again, when you get that signs, just open them, go through them, make sure you have everything. As well. And then you are going to see QR codes for TikTok, Instagram, and all of that in there. Just scan those just to make sure that they work. We had an issue beforehand that should be corrected now, so you shouldn't have a problem. But go ahead and scan those. And if there's a problem, you can let marketing know and they'll send you some new ones.

 Ones, okay? All right. Um, again, business photos. Kellie and Jacquie love photos as you're in the store, even if construction is being done. So make sure we are that. Uh, and then as for tech stuff, you actually have everything, so you are. Good. You got camera hardware, you got camera software. And we just updated all your prices, so that is all done and finalized. Cool, nice. What anything you have for us before we go into next week?



45:32 - Divya M
No, we just want to make sure we are opening on the set dates. Like our goal is the 15th. Last question is for the signage. Like, we want to make sure that it's there. Like, what if that's not put up? We can't open without that, right? Nope, nope, nope.

45:50 - Scott Laviano
Which signage? Are you talking your front windows and your big sign?

45:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

45:59 - Scott Laviano
Yes, that is one of the things that we are waiting for and working on. I saw the or yesterday. Didn't Elvin or Michelina have a new message about your guys?

46:16 - Bharath Mysore
So they said that they have submitted it, submitted the permits. And they also said that it is shipped. But I mean based on what has happened so far I don't know if I need if I can rely on whatever they are saying even though they're submitted for submitted for review they're like whatever they have said city is not making any progress on it they've submitted the paperwork but city is not making any progress it's been like more than two months since since city came back and said that what was wrong with that that?



46:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Have you gotten with the city at all?

46:58 - Bharath Mysore
In such cases, like how do we handle it? Because we don't want us to bear the brunt of it. I want the vendor to bear the expenses for this because if this is blocking us, I wouldn't be happy with this. Because this is not what we signed up for when we started the process back in November of 2025, November or October of 2025.

47:25 - Scott Laviano
Right. Let's see, where am I? Kellie, you still on? I see you. Do you there? I'm trying to find the emails of where we are for their window graphics and sign.

47:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Let me see.

47:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, just got mine just got lost with Winter Park. There we go.

47:52 - Scott Laviano
I think I got it. Oh, wait, just kidding. Hold on.

48:11 - Scott Laviano
Oh, I found a John Mita forward it or yeah, yeah, just what are they or is that might be what I have now. They're just you know, Brat's still worried because the city isn't really doing much and they've been spending so much time and energy on this sign.

48:31 - Bharath Mysore
No, City said that they will pick it up as and when things come in. But they did not tell me if it's going to take like a month or two months, how early will they process it? City said that probably I think in June when I went to Citi for the electrical permit thing, what they said is if they raise a request or some update and the update comes back in like a day or two, they're going to take it right away and then go fix it.

 But this has been like two months idle. There's nothing happened. There's no updated drawings or whatnot sent out. I don't know if CP can do it at the same pace that they did it when things were going faster.

49:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, I have everything from the 24th of June is the last time I have seeing something.

49:21 - Kellie Shortino
Oh, really? Here, let me forward you this. Says: based on the average timeline for the city of Everett, this should be done and complete by the week of the 20th. Which is oh, it's like next week. Yeah, yeah, okay.

49:36 - Scott Laviano
Let's um, let's hold off and let's see. I mean, if that's if they're saying we should be good by next week, let's see what let's go through. Um I would say midweek by the 22nd. If we don't see anything, then we'll get back with the uh Thomas signs and find out what's really happening.

50:00 - Bharath Mysore
No, I think uh getting back is fine, but it's just that if everything is ready and we're just blocked on this, uh. Want them to bear the expenses of that because we can't just be it's been like forever since with these guys, right?

50:17 - Scott Laviano
I mean, as long as you have your sign before your grand opening, we're good. That's all we need. So there's really no compensation or anything, I guess, that they would need. Oh, hold on one second. Yes, he's only there till four. So it's I. Go down that like driveway. It's a dirt road and he's down there on the right-hand side.

50:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Huh?

50:45 - Scott Laviano
No. Sorry about that. My pool punk died and Rose has to go pick it up from the mechanic. Yeah. No, so what I'm s like, what I'm saying is that if as long as we have it before your opening, you're fine. So really. They're not gonna, there's not gonna be any compensation in that part of it, but what it's taken way too long. This is absolutely ridiculous.

51:10 - Divya M
Let's go, I guess, yeah, I guess what bud means is we don't want the you know um opening date to be pushed because of this signage. Yeah, I guess that's what I got you.

51:21 - Scott Laviano
Yep, yeah, nope, I we will we will take that all into consideration, but yeah, we'll make sure you have signs.

51:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, perfect. Thank you, Scott. Appreciate it.

51:30 - Scott Laviano
All righty. Yeah. So other than that. Oh, that was a different email. I just saw something about a sign. What anything else you guys got for us?

51:43 - Unidentified Speaker
No, I think those are their main concerns right now, the permit and the signage.

51:47 - Scott Laviano
Yep. Yeah. Those are the biggest things. Construction is moving along. So everything else? Whatever you guys need, just let us know. Keep sending emails with your questions. We love that. That helps because then we can just, you know, get you not just, me or not just Alex or not just Kellie.

52:09 - Unidentified Speaker
So, yes, sure. Cool.

52:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Awesome.

52:13 - Scott Laviano
You guys track. Yeah. I mean, we're looking good. It now, the other thing just to remember, because I have to make sure I say this now, there are. A good five to six locations that all want to open at the same time. Is that going to happen? No, that's not going to happen only because we know with construction, it's going to mess up everybody. But we do run a first come, first serve basis. So your video, as soon as you are ready to have your video and your walkthrough done.

 Done, that is the way you're gonna lock in your date. So if, on the, I'm just gonna say on the third, let's just say, right? Let's say you guys gonna be ready until the fourth. And then on the 31st or the third of August, we have two stores that automatically like, oh, we're ready, let's do our video. And they want to open on the 15th. That would lock down the 15th. All right. So that's the only other thing that would hold up an opening is if people, if other stores have already done their walkthrough video beforehand.

 Okay. All right. I don't see, Charlotte wants to be the 15th. Addison wants to be the 15th. Woodland Park actually wanted to be the eighth, but he could be pushed to the 15th. So there is a lot that is going to hit that day, just to keep that in mind.

53:58 - Unidentified Speaker
So at a time, you guys open only one store?

54:02 - Scott Laviano
We open two at a time, max. Okay.

54:05 - Unidentified Speaker
So right now there is nothing set for 15th.

54:08 - Scott Laviano
As of right, correct. As of right now, nobody has done a video to lock in the 15th.

54:14 - Divya M
Okay, just out of curiosity, who do you think? Are there any stores which will be like ready by then?

54:23 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, well, that's what I'm saying. Like Charlotte, North Carolina, he is hoping to be ready by the 15th.

54:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Are they in the same boat and same stage as we are?

54:38 - Scott Laviano
No, they're further along. So Charlotte, the problem with Charlotte is they were waiting for new games to come in. So they had to redo permits. But they're a little bit further along. Sterling, Virginia, he is hoping for the 8th. But if he doesn't get his permit in time, then that would push him a week back, would be the 15th. You guys are looking at the 15th. Let's see. Roswell is going to be the first.

 I think Addison, Texas wants to be around that time as well. So there's two or three that are going to be happening in August. August is going a crazy, crazy month. So okay. Okay. Yep. And that, and the only reason why I say it is because as soon as you can get a lot of your stuff done, you want to get that stuff done because that's what if you wait until the very end. Then, like, construction is done, and then all of a sudden oh no, we still have to do all, we still have two weeks or a week worth of work to do.

 So, yeah, that's why I just keep mentioning it.

55:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, all right.

55:47 - Scott Laviano
Thank you, Scott. All right, well, you guys have a great, fabulous weekend, and uh, hopefully, it'll get dark before 10 o'clock there today.

55:58 - Unidentified Speaker
We're enjoying it. We are enjoying it. We only hardly get the sun.

56:03 - Scott Laviano
It's nuts. It's nuts. When we were out there and it was daylight till 10 o'clock, we were like seriously. Serious? Yeah.

56:12 - Divya M
Yeah. The sun doesn't set until then. So we get like, yeah, like almost the whole day and night. So we don't. That's crazy.

56:24 - Unidentified Speaker
I love that though.

56:26 - Divya M
Yeah. But in winter, we go dark at four. So this is our compensating time.

56:32 - Kellie Shortino
So, oh my gosh.

56:35 - Divya M
Awesome. All right. Well, you guys have a great, fabulous weekend. Enjoy and we will talk to you next week. Yeah.

56:43 - Kellie Shortino
Thank you. Bye, guys. Thank you, Scott. Bye.