Everett weekly calls
Fri, Jul 31, 2026

0:01 - Kellie Shortino
Good, good. All right, let's see.

0:09 - Kellie Shortino
Let me ping an ops person really quick.

0:24 - Divya M
Oh, here. Oh.

0:28 - Kellie Shortino
Scott looks like he's coming, so one second.

0:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

0:55 - Scott Laviano
How is everybody today? Nice. Nice. I am done pretty much. Really? Rousewell is ready to go. Yep.

1:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

1:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Congratulations.

1:14 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually, Ronald, I'll see you what, tomorrow? I'll see you. Right. Yeah, good. So do we have everybody?

1:28 - Kellie Shortino
I believe so.

1:33 - Scott Laviano
All right. Whoever wants to start, go right ahead. What's going on now?

1:38 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay, let's start with construction. So, Ronald, so when do you think we can get the get Cameron in?

1:47 - Ronald Tobiasz
So, we can't push Cameron back. So, you, I would keep Cameron. That's what I think I responded. Yes, that you could keep Cameron on schedule.

1:55 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
I see. Okay.

1:56 - Ronald Tobiasz
We would have to be careful around the graffiti in the smash room, but I don't want to push him off because I know it'll really throw you guys off. I wouldn't tell him we're still going to be there because that's, I mean, he might not like that. But I think, you know, my opinion, we work together on it unless Scott has another thing for that. I think we keep him on schedule because if we push him, it's definitely going to make it worse.



2:24 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay, sounds good. Then, so are we good to cover the ceilings up? Like, I added you through a thread with the contractor and the owner.

2:35 - Ronald Tobiasz
Well, no, because he, so we are that clears us knowing that they're done. So, we have an inspection. Because we thought they were still in the ceiling. So technically, I don't even know if they have their inspection. They're saying they did, but they were still pulling wire. So the guy told Cody on site he was going to finish pulling the wire today. He was going to finish the smoke detectors Monday.

 We thought he was have his scheduled inspection for Tuesday. So we called for Wednesday. What we're do is trying to push that up now because if they're saying they don't have an inspection and I don't know this, then we could call ours early. We've been waiting on them to finish the wiring in the ceiling. They've been there every day, so they're obviously weren't done.

3:22 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay, so can you reply to that thread where we have the alarm guys, owner, me, and you, and Onesta on that thread so that? That it looks like everybody's thinking other guy is doing it, but there's no work happening.

3:35 - Ronald Tobiasz
Well, that's what I mean. I'm like, they keep telling us they were done three weeks ago. Yeah, and they're still there.

3:43 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So, yeah, if you put that in email, then I can go back to the landlord and tell him what is, ask him what is happening.

3:49 - Ronald Tobiasz
Okay, I could do that because we have been talking to them, like, they've been on site. I know you need it. Yeah.

3:55 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Me and landlord were not aware of what was the talk happening before. Behind? Because yesterday, when we both talked to the B Alam, that they are blocked on you guys. So that's what we want to clarify. So if you can rest, I also told his guy to also respond to the thread because, unless he tells us, we are assuming that we are blocked on them.

4:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

4:19 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So I've told them and told their contractor and also landlord that until if you guys are not telling me, that means we can go ahead and finish up our work. Okay. So I basically, me and the landlord also said strongly to the vendor to call it out explicitly. That's why, like, if you can tell me the dates that we are do this work, then let them come back and say that whether it's going to be possible or not.

 Make sure that you tell me the date by when you will start finishing it. And then I can basically make sure that they get the work done earlier on. Or if they're going to push, then they're going to bear the cost of it.

5:01 - Ronald Tobiasz
Okay, so that's what you meant by I need date. I didn't know it just said, Can I get dates? I didn't know exactly what that was for. So I could put that together. So I can tell you, we would like to call our inspections. I mean, we can't call it for Monday because it's already today, have to in today. So, the earliest we could do it now is: I'll put in the email: are we ready to call our inspection in Tuesday?

 We will call it in Tuesday.

5:23 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Who, like, what inspection? Can you be more specific? At least for me, I don't know whether it is we so every inspection.

5:32 - Ronald Tobiasz
Okay, it's the it's like it has to go in order, everybody has to be done. Fire alarm, HVAC, Alex, all that stuff has to be done. And then you go for the ceiling inspection. That allows me to put the tile in.

5:46 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay. So, can you call out all the inspection and the tentative, like the immediate one that is going to happen on Monday or Tuesday? And then the rest of the just add a following date for the other inspections.

5:58 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, the rest would be fine because I talked to the team. They're going to have everybody on site next week. By the end, we should be completely done all our work. If we can pass the inspection on the ceiling, the ceiling, they're going to do the code base and the desk. And they got the part for the door. They can put the rear door in. So talking to the team, we'll be completely wrapped up work next week.

 The inspections are still up in the air because they're saying one thing and we're saying another, but I'll call it all out in an email. To make everybody. I mean, I don't know how much more I could do, but I'll put it in the email and see because they keep telling us they're done and then they're there pulling wire.

6:38 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So yeah, according to them, they are done two weeks back. That's what I got in that call with the landlord. But for two weeks, we are not doing anything.

6:47 - Ronald Tobiasz
We are thinking that they wouldn't sent photos the other day of him pulling wire in the ceiling.

6:51 - Ronald Tobiasz
That was real-time photos I sent out to the email. And then they said that it's fine.

6:56 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Like, they, as long as it's since it's not hard-proof, you can open it up and then pull the wire if need be. So, I don't know.

7:03 - Ronald Tobiasz
So, maybe you passed inspection if you're not done the work. That's what I'm saying. Like, they don't have the duct detectors and they don't have any like, but whatever, I'll give it a shot.

7:12 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah, because uh. Th this they gave us a hard push. They told me that no, they are already done, so I don't know why they're still working on it. So I had the same questions with the owner as well. Okay. So give me the dates for all the inspection, when it's gonna happen, any work that you're doing for my information so that I know what work will be done. I don't want to feel like going in every day, I don't see any progress happening that that makes me worry what is what is happening at that location then.



7:41 - Unidentified Speaker
okay.

7:41 - Ronald Tobiasz
Understood now, that makes total sense.

7:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, thanks, Ronald.

7:45 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yes, sir.

7:50 - Scott Laviano
Okay, so we're still not. I mean, we're not looking the twenty-second, right?

7:59 - Divya M
Yeah, I think with this, uh, I guess, Kot, you should you should be happy now because I know you.

8:06 - Ronald Tobiasz
you were you were saying about the family so I guess now we're probably 29 okay and that makes sense as long as you can get all those permits everything done in that time so okay yeah there's not there's not a lot left on our end it's just getting it to to start so right right exactly just getting the timelines to match up so And I learned, and I learned, and I'm not trying not to give you hard dates, but I learned a few projects back.

 I want to make sure I could deliver on the dates. So if I'm not, I'm not trying not to give date, I don't want to build false hope. Like when I see something and I know they're not done, it's hard for me to give exact dates. So I'll give like goal dates of stuff I want to do. But that's why I'm like being standoffice a little bit about dates because that's something that's kind of like out of our control.

 We're not doing it. So, but um, I'll work on some dates for you so you can respond back to the landlord.

9:05 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Ronald, in that email, right, you can always say that if we are not done by this date, if we don't, if we can't close it, we are not going to like you, we have to push our date. Call me out explicitly, then I can go talk to the owner saying, Oh, you are because of you guys, it's okay, yeah.

9:23 - Scott Laviano
What about mounting the OI stuff? Is that done? Like gear rack, the gear room suit rack and the shelves and that.

9:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Good.

9:33 - Divya M
Yeah, that is what we had for the fourth. And with all this, I just wanted to confirm. And I asked Ronald, and he said it should be fine. So I'll have them come and do it next week.

9:45 - Ronald Tobiasz
no, that's that's Sintosh. Oh, yeah. He's asking if the racks are hung, not like them bringing the clothes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, I have to look at the photos. I know they did some. I don't think the TVs are up. I know some of the mounts are up, but we didn't put the TVs out because we're going working on the ceiling. But I could gather and see if all that little stuff's up.

10:05 - Ronald Tobiasz
Most of it's one.

10:06 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
In the same way, just the TV mounts are up. And nothing else is on the walls.

10:13 - Scott Laviano
No shelves. Paint room shelves are up.

10:16 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Paint room, the shelves are there. They're up.

10:18 - Ronald Tobiasz
We just got to hang like the rack, like the gear racks. The clothes rack, we think the black lights.

10:27 - Scott Laviano
Black lights are up or no?

10:29 - Unidentified Speaker
No.

10:30 - Ronald Tobiasz
We got to install those fans?

10:32 - Unidentified Speaker
No.

10:33 - Scott Laviano
No. Okay. So we saw the mount. So none of the mounting is basically done. Only TV mounts. Okay. All right. I was just going through the list to check it all off. Beautiful. Plumbing sink in the back room is good. The um, or sink in the break room, this says, but we don't have a sink in your break room.

10:56 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
No, right, remember? Uh, the kitchen was removed. That's right.

11:01 - Ronald Tobiasz
We swapped that around and kept the showers for like additional washing.

11:07 - Divya M
So they've put the sink in the break room now.

11:12 - Ronald Tobiasz
The cabinets, right?

11:15 - Divya M
No, there's the sink in the break room. There's no cabinets put up.

11:19 - Ronald Tobiasz
No, no, we're doing the cabinets. The cabinets is that that's on us. We're putting it back in. You want them left, they throw them out. So we order them at Home Depot. That was a mistake our end. So, before you.

11:32 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
before you put them out, can you let us know where you want to put it up? Because we don't know.

11:37 - Ronald Tobiasz
Well, I need you to tell me where. Like, you tell me where you want them, and then we'll put them up. It doesn't matter to me. If you want to send me a picture of the wall where you want them, I would, I, I really don't know whatever fits what you guys want to use them for.

11:51 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay. Uh, Scott, one more thing. Next to the sink, can we put can we keep our refrigerators?

11:59 - Scott Laviano
Next to what sink?

12:01 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
The wash sink, the paint sink.

12:06 - Scott Laviano
In that room, when you walk in and then you turn to the left, and that's where your sink is get your three, your sink for everybody to wash up. And then to the right is basically all of your, what do you call it, those showers?

12:21 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Oh, okay. You see a shower in the front.

12:25 - Scott Laviano
Okay, and then you take a right. Yeah.

12:27 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
And then all the way to the end, there the left-hand side, a wash. There are the there's the new thing that is installed. And then right next to it, there were points for like a refrigerator and all. I wanted to check if we can still use that location for refrigerator, or should we keep something else over there?

12:48 - Scott Laviano
I mean, you probably could if you need it. If you're that's going to be your employee area, but I mean, there's no other reason to have a refrigerator in there.

12:57 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay. And where should we keep our there were two refrigerators that we have ordered? One of them is for employees, the other one is for the party room. Where should the other refrigerator be?

13:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Where should what?

13:11 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
The second refrigerator, the party room refrigerator. Where should we keep that refrigerator?

13:15 - Unidentified Speaker
In the party room.

13:17 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So the party room, okay.

13:19 - Unidentified Speaker
okay.

13:19 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, so the party room will have a refrigerator with a freezer.

13:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Does it have electricals in there for that?

13:26 - Scott Laviano
I mean, it should. It should you should have a GFCI actually on your um on your drawing for it. But yeah, there's outlets in your of a party room for it.

13:37 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Uh Ronald, can you confirm it?

13:40 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, it might not be GFCI. That's only if it's near water. I can double check though.

13:46 - Scott Laviano
There's still an outlet in there.

13:48 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, I'm looking it up now while you guys are talking.

13:50 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
And for the cache for app, do we have a design? Because, I mean, from what cache for app should also have a power outlet. I don't see from where we're going to pull that power outlet because anything that is on the wall, we have already have those assigned for other things, right?

14:08 - Ronald Tobiasz
Well, no, it was, I think the cache wrap was originally touching the wall, right? And then we shortened it.

14:13 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
No, no, you guys had put it in the center. We went back to the whatever you guys have designed. We are going to keep it that way. We did not change.

14:20 - Ronald Tobiasz
You didn't change it. Okay. Let me look into it. I'll put that on my list. But it will definitely have power and data. It has to.

14:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

14:30 - Divya M
And since we're talking about those things, will the mirrors be up there? Will you order the mirror for that, Ronald?

14:38 - Ronald Tobiasz
No, the mirrors we install. That's something you guys order.

14:42 - Divya M
for the hand washing by the hand washing sink for the paint cleanup sink. Yes, yeah, okay.

14:49 - Scott Laviano
It should be on the OI, it should be on the OI sheet.

14:52 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
No, I don't think we have mirrors there.

14:55 - Divya M
No, I there is mirror on the OI sheet, yeah, yeah.

14:58 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, there are they're there. Yep, um, all right, is Kellie still on? I'm sorry, Kellie. Let Kellie talk.

15:12 - Kellie Shortino
You're good.

15:13 - Kellie Shortino
I don't really have much. Like, I don't really have any action items. Your Google page didn't need that verification I was talking about last week, where you have to take a video. So that's all set. And then I'll send you an invite to own the page. That way you can, you know, look into it. If you want to add anyone else on there, you can. But I really don't have anything else for you guys, unless you have any questions.



15:36 - Divya M
I just have one thing, Kellie. On the Facebook messenger, there is a couple of messages keep popping up saying that it's violating the Facebook thing and there's some messages keep coming. Is it do I have to be worried or you know, what should I forward that to you to see what it is?

15:55 - Kellie Shortino
They're ninety-nine percent spam. Like any time any account starts usually running ads is the trigger there, but you can ignore all of them if one does look like legitimate, you can send it over to us and Oh my god, should I respond? But most of the time, it's nothing you got to worry about.

16:12 - Divya M
Okay, thank you.

16:14 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, that's that's all I had, though. So I'll be on here though if you guys continue with anything. Perfect.

16:22 - Scott Laviano
Well, that's all I wanted to make sure that you guys, yeah, go ahead, talk to Kellie.

16:26 - Divya M
Yeah, one last thing. For the jobs on the dashboard, so where is the access to that? I didn't find that one.

16:35 - Scott Laviano
Under eight, if you go into you mean like the job descriptions?

16:40 - Divya M
No, a job description I went through in the drive. Like it was just very little bit, but I added all of that. Just to put in, it said somewhere in the dashboard, there's a link, and you can see from the dashboard, so I don't know where that was.

16:58 - Kellie Shortino
What platform did you post them on? Is that what you're talking about?

17:02 - Divya M
No, to post on a platform, I was working with ADP, and it looks like we need to set up things before they can start posting because ADP has a tie-up with a ZipRecruiter and it's two postings which are free, so I want to use that so I can start posting. So Brianna is working with me on that. There are a few things she had. I sent it yesterday, so by Monday, right now on Facebook, I've just put a posting saying we are hiring and to email us their resume.

 So I can keep track of that. But on one of your emails, you said you can access through the dashboard. So I didn't know what it was. And I tried to click the link, but it wouldn't go through. So I can find that and I can forward that to you to see what it was about.

17:51 - Kellie Shortino
Yeah, yeah, if you could, just to refresh me.

17:57 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, because I know there, like, if you need a graphic, that would be on the portal, right?

18:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Right, that's on the portal.

18:08 - Scott Laviano
You have the descriptions, which would be on the Google Drive. Yeah, I got that. You have the application. You have the application, right?

18:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Application.

18:19 - Divya M
I didn't see that. Okay, I will check.

18:21 - Scott Laviano
So the actual application as of right now is if you go to our current website and you scroll to the bottom and you'll see careers. You will see stuff for Tampa. Don't worry about it. It's never been used. We can't get rid of it. We can't add to it.

18:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

18:37 - Scott Laviano
But, however, below that, you can send everybody to that part and they can fill out an application and it will send you their basically their exact application.

18:49 - Divya M
So just tell them to visit the website and apply through that.

18:53 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, that's what you can tell. Well, that's what you can tell somebody when you want them. When you finally know, like, hey, I'm going to interview you and all of that. You've gone through your process. Then it'll, you want an application no matter what. So, legally, we want an application from everybody. So it would just be like, hey, now you can go to the website. Or if it's just people that are like, hey, you guys hiring, yeah, just go to careers, you know, go to the iSmashUSA.com website.

 Go to careers and pick the Everetts location.

19:25 - Divya M
And it goes in. Okay, that's helpful. I'll do that.

19:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

19:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

19:33 - Scott Laviano
All right. So let's see. We're not changing graffiti. They still have some things to mount.

19:42 - Divya M
So I'll confirm Cameron to be there on the 11th then. I'll go all set for that.

19:50 - Scott Laviano
So, yeah, I mean, but Ronald's be in the building, right? Right. So, that's going to be the whole thing that we have to realize: is that Ronald's going to be in the building. Cameron's not going to be happy that Ronald's in the building. We just have to make sure that he's going to have to know. So the decision is whether you wait or you don't wait. If you do not let, if you do not have him come, right?

 Then that will push you back because then you're waiting. If you have him come and then all of a sudden blame Ronald or, you know, just make sure that nobody, he, you know, make sure it's organized where. He is, nobody is anywhere near him. He will have power when he needs power. He will not have power when he doesn't need power. Like, you just have to make sure that he's not be bothered and have that conversation with him when he's here.

 Will he throw a fit and say, no, I'm going back to my hotel until there's nobody here? That is a possibility. The other thought is you can call him and ask him to work overnight.

21:10 - Divya M
Yeah, his number, I don't know, Scott. Like, I've tried to reach him through phone multiple times. I don't know if I have the wrong number or if he doesn't answer. I left a voicemail a few days back. Like at least four to five times. So, if there is a direct number that would be helpful, I can contact you.

21:27 - Scott Laviano
I can see it's normally email that I talk to him with. I never even call him. I think I have it. Yeah.

21:35 - Divya M
Because that would be easier for me to talk to him over the phone. For the email, it takes like a day or two for him to get back. So, that would be easier if I can do that.

21:47 - Ronald Tobiasz
does it less four seven five nine four?

21:51 - Divya M
Let me just check. Hold on. I have nine three four two four one one five one six.

22:01 - Ronald Tobiasz
No, I got something different.

22:05 - Divya M
Can you just tell me I can add that in so maybe five one six area code?

22:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, hold on.

22:20 - Ronald Tobiasz
This is what he gave me on site and I have text message. I'm back and forth so I know it's late.

22:26 - Ronald Tobiasz
Hold on, I just backed out Cameron.

22:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Cameron.

22:31 - Ronald Tobiasz
It is 5166737594.

22:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, 516-673-7594.

22:48 - Divya M
Yes, ma'am.

22:49 - Divya M
Okay, perfect. I'll call him today itself after this call.

22:55 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, I mean, that's the only thing. That's kind of the thing that you're and you could blame me on.

23:02 - Ronald Tobiasz
I've said I'm totally fine with it. Just say, oh, Ronald said it was clear, but he might still, you know, put up a fight.

23:09 - Ronald Tobiasz
but okay.

23:10 - Divya M
I'll call and talk to him and let you guys know in the email. Like, what's the plan?

23:15 - Scott Laviano
Uh, your outdoor signage is done, right? Your outdoor signs, yeah. All right, check that off, check that off.

23:21 - Divya M
The movie is done, and yeah, we didn't know that it was like stuck on from outside, so we were wondering. And I did put that in the email, like they because from inside, whatever was the store hours, it is still see-through. Right? So we can still see from outside when we go in, like the store hours are different. And for a minute, I thought these guys put these store hours, but then I realized it's from the old thing.

 Store hours are still there.

23:51 - Scott Laviano
Were you able to get them off?

23:52 - Divya M
Yeah, no, because they've taped all, like, you know, the papers. So I didn't want to take it off because they're still working and it is all covered with white paper.

24:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, okay.

24:02 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, that's fine. And it's like I said, it's easy. They said it's easy to take off, so we can just take it off when the paper is down. Not a problem. Um, have you, what about your in-store signage, your signage packet that has been ordered, shipped, ready for you? You have it, you do not have it.

24:23 - Kellie Shortino
I just shipped, shipped, yeah. I think it's still, yeah, still going there. Perfect.

24:28 - Scott Laviano
Okay. All right. And then, of course, your videos, you're going to need your videos. All your videos are going to be, actually, if you just, if you go to the AI support thing and just type in safety videos, they're going to come up. You'll download all of those as well. I'm trying to think. You guys are pretty good. You got, I mean, once the cash wrap is done, then the computers and all of that can start going.

 And we can get that done.

24:58 - Divya M
so right now, uh, run for us to have the date for the 29th, everything should be done by when that 14th, and we need to send the video for you by the 14th.

25:12 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, they need two weeks, yes.

25:18 - Scott Laviano
Yes, sure, sounds good.

25:20 - Ronald Tobiasz
I like the sticklers for that, that just helps with your promotion, so you have a good grand opening.

25:25 - Scott Laviano
I'll give you, I'd give you to the 18th, but yes, yeah, the 14th is better because you're going to be going against everybody. Everybody is going actually, if you can go the 29th, actually even be better for me. It might help me.

25:41 - Divya M
Yeah, because right now I think our goal is the 29th.

25:46 - Scott Laviano
Right. Because then only one store can open on the 5th, and then only one store can open on the 12th. As well, so yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, 29th has to be yours. So, all right, uh, what else do you have for me? Your cameras, you've got right, yep, perfect camera software, nice mini PCs that you've got ordered, but we're not putting them up: Wi-Fi, phone. All your camera wires are run. Cool. What do you have for me?

 What do you need?

26:30 - Divya M
I think that is it, ma'am. The major part was the dates. I know we spoke to Ronald right now. So those are a few things. I know these things are a little frustrating because our start date is getting pushed up, so we are a little worried. So, I think that's you can see a little bit from both So, hopefully, to get it open and get started. That's all we are waiting for.

26:54 - Scott Laviano
Yeah.

26:55 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, I know. I know what you mean. Just keep on your OI sheet, make sure you got everything.

27:05 - Divya M
Thank you so much, Ronald. Thank you for working with us. I know a little frustrating when we have to go back and forth. When we are not there to see all of that, so it is harder going between you, the other person, the owner. So it's a lot of people that we have to keep track of So thank you. I appreciate your patience, Ronald.

27:24 - Ronald Tobiasz
No worries. You're probably still the best group. I'm not, I had some crazy, so you're good.

27:31 - Scott Laviano
Luckily, I didn't have the speaker on. So Jason didn't hear that. But Jason, yeah, Jason's good. All right. Well, you guys have a great one, and we will talk to you later.

27:43 - Ronald Tobiasz
Scott, real quick, there's four applets in the event room that are on that are one on each wall for the fridge. So they have multiple areas they could put it if they want.

27:50 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, yeah, I saw that too. Thanks. Cool. Thanks, Don. All right.

27:56 - Kellie Shortino
All right. Bye, guys.

27:57 - Divya M
Bye, Kellie. Bye. Bye. Bye, Scott. Can you hear me?

33:07 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Hey, hey, Rama. Sorry. Hey, sorry. I was getting randomized, so I was, I couldn't get concentrated time. Yeah, tell me what is the issue now. I just was.

33:17 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
So, so someone had changed the guest runners, right? So we can, so your earlier. Or the repo earlier had like Docker commands to push pull image and all of those things. The new guest runner is not supporting Docker command. So I updated to use Podman and everything else, right? So the new guest runner instance, whatever that is, is not having access or policy to push images.

33:44 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
I think so. So the my changes, right? The one that I made was primarily in the OCI build, which is going to push it to our Odo artifactory. That is the location, the DevOps portal that I gave you. That is the one, that is the location from which all our deployments will pull the images from From your PR, I see that that is going through fine. Back end portion of it, meaning whatever your code changes are there right now in GitHub, in Bitbucket and build service, it is not causing any issues.

 The issue is that that action, the Git action that is being taken, that is having some problem.

34:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

34:29 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
And I don't think I did work on that earlier. I did not work on that earlier.

34:35 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Okay. Okay. So it's an access problem I wanted to solve by providing access, right? So if you look into the git runner code, they are getting accessible.

34:46 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Where is that git runner code?

34:48 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
It's also a git repo in there. One second.

34:52 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So is that that overflow thing?

34:55 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
No, no, no, no. There's a separate git runner code.

35:04 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Oh, what is this one?

35:07 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
I so you need to have your enterprise Git runner defined to define: hey, what's the actions? Where am I pushing and things like that? It's more tomorrow when it has access to build, maybe this will build it too, right?

35:22 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Oh, okay. Hold on a second. So, where is the okay? Can you? Do you know this code? I have not looked at this.

35:30 - Unidentified Speaker
this.

35:31 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
So basically, it tells you what access you need to be able to.

35:34 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
to know: like, can you share the code? I have some questions. If you can answer me, maybe I can help you with this.

35:41 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah, one second. I'm trying to find where is that. It's okay. I can show you my phone. Yeah, this is the yeah.

36:03 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay, where is the starting point for this? Who is going to invoke this script?

36:07 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
So this git actions will call the runner. So all that.

36:11 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
That is a Terraform Terraform policy, right? Who is running who is setting it up? Serious PHX?

36:20 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

36:22 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Go up. Why is the region set to PHX?

36:26 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
but the runners are always running in Phoenix.

36:29 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
I don't think so. That is a problem because the OCI runner must have been running in IAD, so it was able to push it. Cannot push it to IAD registry unless unless that IAD registry is public. Okay, hold on a second. Hold on a second. Let me just do something. This is just a temporary thing uh just to make sure that you understand what is uh this just to clarify one doubt so I'm gonna make that uh uh which deposit is this this is this guy and then I need to go to make it this guy then I'll call the worker service container registry See, it says that the backend should remain in Phoenix, even though the guest host name content here is hash.

 Give me a minute. So let me just do this base images. Okay, base images that are like okay. Let me so I'm gonna make some changes. This should not edit not really this edit, okay. Container history.

38:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

38:06 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Can you restart retry that now? Because see, again, I'm working like this should not be happening, but I'm kind of made made it a second. Let me just do you're pushing your image for the first time, right? Is there any property on this guy? We have not created that repo. Okay, pages. So, what is the repository? Pikas, the repository of the of the canary image that you are create that you are trying to put I just named it as a Pika base hyphen canary image.



38:52 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
That's it.

38:53 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Uh can you show me where is that? Where is the name?

38:56 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I can one second. So pick a API base is something you had, runner base is something you had. I just added a canary base.

39:06 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay, give me a minute. What is the prefix using the same prefix as same prefix?

39:11 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

39:12 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
The other ones. Which is the uh can you repeat the name again?

39:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Canary?

39:21 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Canary hyphen base.

39:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

39:24 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay, let's do this one first. Very happen base.

39:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

39:32 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
There's one more thing. The base image was the image. Can I share my screen?

39:41 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yes, please.

39:45 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
So this one, there was no repository by this name. I created it. Maybe we should have that created via that runner or whatnot. Okay.

39:54 - Unidentified Speaker
And I think.

39:55 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
it should have pushed like my first time, it should do that, right? And how do you create this?

40:00 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Because right now you are seeing a failure there.

40:04 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

40:04 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
That would basically mean that I don't think this is expected. This repository to be created. What I have done in the past is I've given this public access now. Now, when you push it from there, it should accept it. Can you retry that? Uh, I have it okay. Okay, this is the PR, right?

40:25 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I can do that.

40:27 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay, just do this one.

40:29 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 2
I'll just rerun the field.

40:33 - Conference Room (Bharath Mysore) - Speaker 1
Okay, let's watch.