Everett weekly calls
Fri, Aug 21, 2026

0:01 - Jacquie Shortino
How's it going? Are you back home yet?

0:03 - Scott Laviano
I am. Yeah. Actually, I'll be here until someone else. Well, until I got to go to Addison now. Yeah. Oh. Which kind of thinks because it, the only reason why I really was going to work Labor Day was because it was be probably either Massachusetts or Florida or Everett. Oh, shoot. Yeah. Where I have family. So I'm like, oh, yeah. And now it's going to be Everett. Which my anniversary, which means be gone for my anniversary, too.



0:32 - Jacquie Shortino
Oh, no.

0:35 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, we'll take her off the weekend before. We'll go next weekend.

0:39 - Jacquie Shortino
We definitely pushed her. Definitely, Eddison isn't.

0:43 - Scott Laviano
I think, yeah. I mean, she didn't even, I don't even know if she even has her internet. I actually don't even know if she'll be ready for the fifth. Let's put it that way. Oh, but I mean. She's done her video and Alice has basically checked everything off, but right like she didn't even have any employees.

1:01 - Jacquie Shortino
Right. No, I know that. I'm aware we were. Yeah.

1:05 - Jacquie Shortino
Oh, yeah, yeah.

1:06 - Jacquie Shortino
Okay. Anyways. And then these guys are looking like what? The next weekend? Or no? Or it's going to be between all three of them coming up.

1:17 - Jacquie Shortino
or four.

1:17 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, all four of them are all four of them are going to hit between the 12th and the 20.

1:23 - Jacquie Shortino
Okay.

1:24 - Scott Laviano
So it's going to be interesting because I know Everett, we're also waiting on. They just had to order new bins for Goodwill.

1:34 - Jacquie Shortino
Oh, yeah. I saw that.

1:35 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. So we got to wait for that. Okay. And then. Westboro has an issue with their landlord, and Winter Park. Winter Park actually will probably either go the 19th and wait for me, or they'll do the 12th while I'm gone and have Alex come down.

1:53 - Jacquie Shortino
Oh, well, that's kind of strange.

1:56 - Scott Laviano
You're a little Yeah, they may wait. Well, because I'm away on the 12th. That's the problem.

2:00 - Jacquie Shortino
Oh, hi, Bharath.

2:03 - Bharath Mysore
Hi.

2:03 - Bharath Mysore
Hi, Jacquie. Hi, Clark.

2:06 - Scott Laviano
How are you today? Good. That's good. Is Divya getting on?

2:15 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, she's coming. She's joining.

2:18 - Scott Laviano
Nice. Nice, nice, nice. How's the weather?

2:21 - Bharath Mysore
Weather is good. It's hot here. 70s, 80s, probably it's better for you. But for me, it is hot.

2:31 - Jacquie Shortino
Scott's like, it's 110 in Florida.

2:33 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, it's hot. Yeah. Actually, no, it's not that bad right now, I don't think. Oh, actually, Florida never hits 100, really. Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's very odd that we actually hit 100 degrees.

2:48 - Jacquie Shortino
Yeah, they're just steady heat, right?

2:52 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, like right now, it's 95. That's all.

2:55 - Scott Laviano
Okay, yeah, yeah, nothing.

2:58 - Scott Laviano
Oh, and here is there. We are. I did, I did. I did send Ronald a message. He said he may be a little late because of the change. But then he also said he talks to you every day anyways.

3:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

3:13 - Scott Laviano
Cool. So if you want to give it, I guess you could give us today's update from Ronald.

3:19 - Bharath Mysore
So I think the smash room set up, all the lightings and all are up. There are some minor things that need to be taken care of I think the fire inspection will happen on Monday. And then Tuesday is going to be the building inspections. That's the target that we have. There are still, I think Robert, I think Rob, I believe, from Carney, he's going to be here on Monday. So Monday afternoon, I will be walking through him to check certain things.

 Other thing, yeah, the buffing is going to happen today, it seems. But so far, there weren't anyone in the store today morning. But there's one. I have to follow up with Ronald on that. And then some locks and all needs to be fixed. They're working on it. The paint room roof is up. The devices are installed. Paint is done. The electricals are kind of done there. They are putting up the The backlights, they have put up, put that up in one room, but not in other two.

 That is one. Then the sink, I got clarification. So they're going to put two sinks, two big sinks with two faucets. And I think Monday when Rob is here, he's going to come in and take care of that items. Then what else is there? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, that is it. Yeah, once the flooring is done, then I've told like I told Ronald to get the Khani to lay out the mats because we have like I was counting, we have around like 30 or 35 windshields, they're very heavy, and they are heavy.

 And then, like, we it fell like when we were moving one of the hole, we had stuck it against the wall against. Pile of boxes that tipped it over. So we have to move it and be careful.

5:21 - Unidentified Speaker
That's it.

5:23 - Scott Laviano
Okay. How about Grafiri? When's he done or is he coming?

5:29 - Divya M
Cameron is already here. He's working on it as we speak right now. He's at the store.

5:35 - Unidentified Speaker
He is.

5:36 - Scott Laviano
Any issues with him and somebody else being there or no? He was fine.

5:41 - Divya M
No, I think I had talked to him when I had asked him. So I think he's okay because at this point, I have no options. Like, we don't have any options, right? Right. The syndrome will be here at two o'clock. After this, I'm going to go to the store. They're going to drop off stuff. And Tuesday, they're going to arrange everything. So they're all set now.

6:07 - Bharath Mysore
I think Cameron did mention that he's going to work like today, like week today. He's going to maybe he said some days he's going to work night, other days he's going to like tomorrow, day, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, he's work during daytime or something like that. Yeah, okay, nice.

6:25 - Scott Laviano
Well, that's good that he uh accommodated for you, you know, and everything going on. So that's good. That is. That is nice. What you could actually do if you're there later on, feel free to go around and take a take a video. And you can send a video. That way, at least it just gives us an idea of what's going on and where we're at. And if you see anything like, hey, a question about this or a question about that, you can mention it in the video.



6:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

6:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Nice.

6:59 - Scott Laviano
How about staffing? Where are we? Have we or when are we? When are you looking at that?

7:08 - Divya M
So I do have so many applicants. I talked to so many of them. Everybody's ready to start as soon as I give them a date. Since I didn't have a date yet, I have told them like mid-September is when we are looking at it, and I'm going to reach out to you guys. So I have all their information. There was one person I didn't want to let go. So I kind of offered her unofficially. I was like, no, you want me my first hire.

 So other than that, I just need to let them know. And I've set up everything. There's two more things that need to be set up through ADP. It was so yesterday I was working with Brianna. So there is something like, the tax, the PTO, you know, how to be done through the state. So I'm working with that for them. I think staffing, as soon as I have the date, I'm just going send offers for them.

8:06 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, good. Just keep them informed, like that specific one, the one that you really want. I would just at least stay in touch with the person once a week. Like, oh, hey, yeah, you know, because they'll understand the things that are going on. Like, oh, yep, this happened. We're, we're almost ready. Um, it's the silence that you lose people.

8:25 - Divya M
Yeah, because I want her to be the front person, amazing customer service. And that's what I want. Someone who, and she's, she lives there, she lives in right by the store, and she's went to high schools. So she knows the community over there.

8:43 - Unidentified Speaker
That's awesome.

8:44 - Divya M
Yeah, so I'm like, that's perfect. That's what I need.

8:49 - Scott Laviano
Nice. Okay. Wonderful. What do you got for? Oh, did you see the message about your sign? The signing company is not get rid of those marks. You'll have to either power wash it or you could ask Carney, but I highly doubt they'll do it either or the landlord. Okay. All right. But what do you got for Jacquie?

9:16 - Divya M
I think for Jacquie, first of all, hi, Jacquie.

9:20 - Jacquie Shortino
Hi, Divya. Kellie and I are both here, actually. Hello.

9:23 - Divya M
Perfect. I know Kellie wanted a code. Hi, Kellie. Hello.

9:27 - Jacquie Shortino
Yep.

9:28 - Divya M
I'm ready when Yeah. Yeah, I'm ready. If you want to send it down, do it.

9:34 - Jacquie Shortino
Okay. She's momentarily doing that. So. Any other questions while you're on here getting the code? We're just kind of in a holding pattern right now. Okay, Kellie just sent it. So let us know when you get it.

9:47 - Divya M
Yeah, it's eight one one two six four. Perfect. Thank you.

9:54 - Jacquie Shortino
Perfect.

9:55 - Jacquie Shortino
That is helpful. It's easier to do it live time on the call than through email because then you miss the window. Was that right?

10:11 - Divya M
And Scott, I wanted to talk about a ruler.

10:18 - Scott Laviano
Yes, wonderful ruler.

10:21 - Divya M
So they were charging us.

10:27 - Scott Laviano
So you're getting, well, you're getting invoices, but they're not charging you. They did charge me.

10:33 - Divya M
They did.

10:35 - Divya M
Not only the invoice, it went from my account.

10:38 - Scott Laviano
It did get pulled out?

10:40 - Divya M
Yeah. Okay. It got pulled out. So I set up and I met with the person called Jacquie. It looks like he's the one who takes care of it. So I met him this week and he said he'll take care of it. So just wanted to let you guys know because it was not any invoice. So like back to back, two transactions were done and money was withdrawn.

11:03 - Scott Laviano
Okay. And then I apologize. Yeah, they were doing the invoices, and we have a whole new process now. How it's going to be sent to roller. So that way we're not getting invoices too early. It's basically just a huge mess up the way we created roller with them, is what for their billing department. But I know Zach had said he was going to have a call with you. And in Cyprus, like in Cyprus, what they ended up doing.

 They just took whatever they had paid and applied it to their first month's bill. So they didn't have that bill. So he'll probably end up doing that for you guys too. And then what I'm really do is, I'm looking to find a good day next week where I'm actually going to do some roller training with some people. So I will send that out for everyone as well.

11:55 - Divya M
Okay. Yeah. So with this happening, what do you think our opening date is going to be, Scott?

12:06 - Scott Laviano
Well, I mean, you're saying next week is your is projected your final building inspection on the 25th?

12:16 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, on Tuesday.

12:17 - Scott Laviano
On Tuesday? Well, I mean, if you got everything done before the first. You could Alex could go out there on the 12th because we don't have any as of right now, there's no store scheduled for the 12th. But it's also going to depend on how quick those bins are coming in. That's what you have to worry about now. I know Kevin sent the invoice, right, and everything to you guys today.

12:49 - Divya M
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He just replied saying, yeah.

12:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

12:55 - Scott Laviano
So we'll.

12:57 - Scott Laviano
Oh, go ahead.

12:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

12:59 - Divya M
He sent the invoice. And yeah, we have that. Yes.

13:04 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. So I guess once they get their totes, it's going to take them a week. So let's say it takes them, if you did it. They ordered them next week. I mean, that's the hard part. It's going to take them a week to fill it. You may be looking closer to the 19th only because of goodwill. But again, that's all going to depend on how quick the totes come in and how quick they can get them filled. Right?



13:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

13:37 - Scott Laviano
And I'm not saying that's what it is, but that's, I mean, realistically, if you actually. Figure they order them next week, it takes a week to get a week to fill. That pushes you around the eighth to eighth or to 15th is when they might be done by. Okay. Hopefully sooner, you know. And then, and then, right, we have, so we have one store that is opening on the 5th. We have we can open one store on the 12th.

 Um, the 19th, we can open up, and then the re actually, the rest of the weeks, we can open up two stores.

14:20 - Divya M
So, okay, hopefully, this uh, from Goodwill, everything will be on time.

14:26 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, yeah, hopefully, they can you know get a rush order, they get them in fast, and it all works out perfectly. Next, what else do you guys have?

14:41 - Divya M
I have one more question.

14:43 - Scott Laviano
Yeah.

14:44 - Divya M
Since now we are going to have two things, does the mirror need to be like one long or two short? Like, how does that work?

14:52 - Scott Laviano
Most likely, you're going to end up getting two mirrors. You'll go to Home Depot and get them. And I believe if he's putting up those same ones that I think he is, those should be about 40 inches. So the stores either end up getting two, they can get two mirrors or three mirrors or one mirror. You know, but normally, normally it's like two or three, I think, is what the way to buy them.

15:20 - Divya M
If you know what kind, can you send a link, Scott?

15:23 - Scott Laviano
I believe it's actually on the OI. It may be. There's something about mirror. There is a mirrors on that. So I don't let me go to the dashboard and uh reopening checklist. Just come on opening inventory and mirror. Uh yeah. There is a mirror. It's mirror and mirror clips. It's the one from, oh, actually, the link doesn't work. Look at that. I love Home Depot's links. Well, I'll find a mirror and I'll update that link, but it's really just, yeah, it's fine.



16:10 - Divya M
Yeah, just email it to me and I'll place the order. Yeah.

16:14 - Scott Laviano
I'll send you a link for it.

16:17 - Bharath Mysore
Scott, one more thing for the showers, right? You had suggested to put some hose to bring down the spray and put some mirrors there. Is that like, can you get some, give some idea about how to go about that?

16:32 - Scott Laviano
Actually, we had decided not going to use those showers as paint cleanup areas. It was not something that they wanted to do. So I'm not sure what we're going to do with those showers.

16:46 - Bharath Mysore
Oh, okay.

16:46 - Divya M
Yeah, I know. I know that's what you guys said. Since we have it, I know this is not part of it. I know, like, not part of our video walkthrough or anything. But since it's already there, we would like to use it for going forward because it's right there. What will we do? We have like, I think, four showers.

17:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah. Actually, you probably have more, right?

17:11 - Divya M
Yeah. Isn't there six? Yeah, it's six. Yeah, it's like two more on the other side. So we were just for our sake, just to make it utilize on that, not from you guys, but just a general idea. We were thinking of just putting some hose. If anybody wants to use it, they can use it because we still have things. So we are not replacing anything the franchise I said. But just adding on to it.

17:41 - Scott Laviano
I would wait until we get there. You know, maybe have some ideas and see what you think you might be able to do. And then if it's either myself or Alex that is there, we can kind of, it'll be easier for us if we're actually standing there and thinking about looking at it. Yeah, to kind of see like, okay, this might work. But okay. Yeah.

18:01 - Divya M
We'll just, yeah, we'll just leave it for now then.

18:04 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. All right. Everything else you're pretty good on for bottles and windshields, and you've taken on care of all that stuff. Oh, insurance. Let's make sure that you probably still have your builder's insurance, right? Yes.

18:22 - Bharath Mysore
So there's by the end month, and I've, I think, somebody, I think, uh, Lillian, I don't remember the person's name, so have reached out, like they have reached out to us about the insurance. Then I told like somewhere in September, we're going to have the business open.

18:39 - Scott Laviano
Okay. Yeah. Make sure you get because it'll just go from your business to your liability. So you may have to get that for the for September as soon as this ends. And then you'll add iSmash on the COI. They just put our name in that little box so that way we're covered in case anything happens. So, but you will need that for opening as well. So, just keep that in mind. Let's see. Other than that, we talked about staffing signage t-shirt.

 You got your t-shirt inventory and all that?

19:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

19:23 - Scott Laviano
Yeah.

19:23 - Scott Laviano
So, okay.

19:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

19:25 - Divya M
Just want to confirm, Jacquie, we have everything that needed from a franchise store, right? Anything that needs to be bought from you guys, we already have all of those.

19:37 - Jacquie Shortino
Yes, I believe you guys are all set. There might be a couple small things because some of the things we do like a week or two before you open just because we don't have the QR codes ready. But I will prompt you when those need to be. I'll either send them to you or send them to a store that's close to you to pick up.

20:00 - Divya M
And also you said there was some big shipment that needs to come and it was going to be to the close opening date too, correct?

20:10 - Jacquie Shortino
Did you receive the signage package with like the poster Yeah, the signs are here.

20:17 - Divya M
Like, you know, the poster boards, right?

20:20 - Jacquie Shortino
Yep. Yep.

20:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

20:22 - Jacquie Shortino
We have okay.

20:23 - Jacquie Shortino
Yep. That's that's 95% of your signage that you have already. And just the few additional things that I talked about, we will let you know. But as far as signage goes, you should be set with that.

20:36 - Unidentified Speaker
that.

20:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

20:39 - Scott Laviano
Nice. Nice, nice, nice. Yeah, so sounds Yeah, you guys, you know, you're getting there. This is, you know, I said this to almost everybody in your stage. And Amanda was the best one who said it. This is the worst time right now because you're at the end, you're almost there, but you have zero control. You know, like everything is those people that are in your building, and you're just like, let's just get this done now, please.

 So, um, trust us, we know your friend, your frustrations. We, we, we hear your frustration, and we even feel your frustration. And I feel your frustration more because now I have to decide possibly between my granddaughter and my son. For store openings because I think you both may, yeah, you both may want to go on the 19th if that happens. So, yeah, yeah, yeah.

21:36 - Divya M
Scott, you love your granddaughter more. We all know that. So, just come in here, Scott.

21:46 - Scott Laviano
That is true. I do love her more than my son now. So, okay. I know that.

21:51 - Jacquie Shortino
Well, the people have spoken, Scott.

21:53 - Scott Laviano
That's right. That's right. But no, you guys are doing good. Just stay on top. Get, you know, keep getting windshields because you're going to go through them. Um, and we will talk to you guys later. And if you, again, if you need anything, just hit that support help ticket and we will get back to you right away. Perfect.

22:12 - Divya M
Yeah. We had to stop the windshield for a bit because of the inspection, and they had said not to bring many. So I think we'll resume it back.

22:20 - Scott Laviano
Yeah.

22:21 - Scott Laviano
Yep. As soon as that's done. Awesome.

22:25 - Jacquie Shortino
Have a good weekend. Talk soon. All right. See you guys. Bye.

22:30 - Divya M
Bye.

22:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Hello.

22:58 - Bharath Mysore
This goes in the Ridopa meeting. Bye.