Everett Tote Discussion
Thu, Aug 20, 2026

0:01 - Kevin Macmaster
Not bad.

0:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

0:05 - Kevin Macmaster
Um, yeah. Sweet. So yeah, I mean, we can just jump right into it. I know you want to discuss the totes thing.

0:16 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Yeah, he's here. Okay.

0:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

0:19 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. So, um, as far as like the, uh, the actual quote for it, I mean, I agree that it's a little steep. Um, I was hoping that by, having them quoted out it would make it a little easier and cheaper on us but seems like it was probably more expensive than what we could get them for ourselves. So I mean if you're I'm open to and they are also fine with it if you guys wanted to get them yourselves they don't have any issue with it.



0:49 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
As long as it meets the same specs. So we can use from Farm Plus? Is it like different?

0:55 - Kevin Macmaster
So their vendors So basically, I'll give you the, I don't know if Scott's already given you the breakdown of it, but basically how we were planning on doing it with these guys was they were just going to use Gaylord boxes to put the glass in, which was the original plan. And then something must've changed on their end. And they came back to me and were like, Hey, we need to use totes for this. And I was like, okay, so you want to use your own?

 And they're like, no, like we would need more. And I'm like, okay, well that's kind of annoying. But at the end of the day, shipping stuff, to you guys from anywhere else would just be super expensive. So it still makes more sense to just do this and it saves you a lot of money in the long run. Um, so they gave me two options of totes that we could use, which I can pull up. Actually, I think I sent them to you yesterday, right?

 Yeah. Yeah. So, um, they gave us those two options and I figured I would have them get me quotes for them from their vendors, just in case. You know, they were, you know, if they weren't that crazy or overpriced, then we would just let them go through their vendor. It'd just be easier that way. Um, but it seems like the price was higher than I expected. So it may just make more sense for us to just go through, um, the other company you said.

 And since you already have a hundred, I mean, you would need to keep those onsite for you to use for the packages. So those would be separate. So the other ones would be, what'd you say?

2:22 - Scott Laviano
I was gonna say they're different sizes anyways.

2:24 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, that's correct. They're also different sizes. The other ones they want are a little smaller.

2:29 - Scott Laviano
Aren't they more expensive to get them through who they had already gotten them from

2:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Who? Yeah, through Farm Plus, the same totals are gonna be expensive.

2:42 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, I think it was just the ship, like their price was good it was just the shipping that killed us yeah that was yeah yeah which that one I didn't really know how to get around because I mean like I can tell them to try and get me a lower shipping cost the problem is is like I just don't know how that's I don't know if they're actually going to do it or not you know what I mean I mean I could get us a quote on what it would be for the attached lids ones Because what I'm thinking is it's just, I don't know, that doesn't make sense either.

 I could ask them if maybe they would let you guys arrange your own shipping through the vendor maybe to make it cheaper. I don't know how much cheaper it would really get, but that is an option I could ask.

3:34 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Is there anything like, when is this coming? From, Kevin?

3:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Any of the local vendors?

3:43 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, so these totes would go to your local Goodwill, the one in Everett. I forget what the name of their actual organization is, let me see.

3:55 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Does any other Goodwill take it? Is it specific to just one Goodwill? Let's say we are taking all these materials, is this only coming from Everett? Or let's say there's a Goodwill in Bothell or in Linwood.

4:11 - Kevin Macmaster
Well, so no, so this Goodwill controls your entire, basically the entire Seattle market. So these will go out to a number of their stores. Yeah. So it's, they're basically, we're not working with just one individual store. We're working with the entirety of Evergreen Goodwill, which is like the whole, this whole region. Um, which is why they need that many totes, because they send a number out to each store, each store fills them up, then the stores send them back to their warehouse, and then the warehouse accumulates them for us to come and take.



4:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Do they have any tote vendor locally?

4:51 - Kevin Macmaster
I assume not, just because they're a goodwill, so they're not making money off the totes, so if they could get you them cheaper, I'm sure they would. I don't see why they would order them from somewhere in Wisconsin unless they had to, because that looks like where they're ordering them from And then the other ones they're getting are from Global Industrial, which is like the most generic vendor for these, which kind of surprised me that they use them.

 But that's besides the point.

5:21 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Kevin, can we try checking in for saying if you break it down, let's say the shipping come down like instead of having on 400, let's say we Does the shipping come down? Have we checked that?

5:35 - Unidentified Speaker
So it would be just to give a background, right? So some of the shippings that we have seen, we, even though you guys say 400, we tried to get it into two slots of like 200 and like that. And in those cases, the shipping cost from the vendor was lower.

5:53 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Was lower. Yeah. So have you tried that here?

5:56 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
I see.

5:57 - Kevin Macmaster
So like, I'm not the one who's actually communicating with the vendor. It's the Goodwill who's doing it.

6:03 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Oh, it's the Goodwill doing it. Yeah.

6:05 - Kevin Macmaster
So I didn't get that quote. Goodwill got that quote from their vendor because they gave me two options. And I chose the tote that was cheaper because the other totes are like $15 a pop. Whereas these other ones they gave me are like $8 a piece. So I was like, all right, well, let's go with the cheaper ones. But then the shipping came back way higher.

6:27 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Because if they can try that, because it's a huge number, I'm thinking that's what's happening that, you know, they need to ship in like for the whole thing. If you break it down, can you check with them, uh, if they can break it down and if the shipping goes down.

6:43 - Scott Laviano
Is it worth it for you guys to call? Is it worth it for them to call the company and see how much it would be for them to buy for, you know, 200 totes and 200 totes?

6:53 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. I mean, I, you know, for this, because they're shipping it, like they're already shipping it via LTL. So they're not even shipping it in a full truck. It's going on a less than truckload way out. Um, I think it's just the weight of them. Cause they're putting a hundred on each pallet. So it's just the way it just adds up. But I mean, yeah, you guys are welcome to call the actual vendor. Cause I mean, I sent you the quote, their phone numbers right on it.

 If you want to call them and get your own, you know, just like ask them questions about it and see if they can get a cheaper, something like I'm sure email in that picture.

7:24 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

7:25 - Kevin Macmaster
So if you, the one that says Orbis, the very first email I sent you guys, um, that has that quote in it. That was the one thing about it.

7:35 - Scott Laviano
And if you, well, if you think about it, if we, Goodwill is not going to call and try to get, yeah, that's, that's the thing.

7:41 - Kevin Macmaster
So that's why if we do it right, it would have to be done on our end. Um, yeah. Okay.

7:46 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
I can definitely, uh, like, you know, check to see because like in fourth insane.

7:52 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. Well, so, I mean, the shipping The shipping is Yeah. The totes cost that much, but that's just because there's 400 of them.

8:01 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Even if they can reduce 500 bucks.

8:06 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. I mean, you could get a smaller amount of totes. It's just you're going to end up putting yourself in a position. I get that as a high upfront cost, but honestly, for the amount of money it's going to save you, in my opinion, it would be an no-brainer because you're gonna be able to get the material so much cheaper. If you were to not work with this Goodwill, the material would have to be shipped from elsewhere and it would be an ongoing cost and you would be so much more expensive like it's it's yeah this pays for itself after like two or three loads in terms of what you would save if we had to ship it from elsewhere and their material I'm pretty sure that I got them to agree to $30 per pallet of glass which is like I mean, that's, that's dirty.

 Yeah. I mean, some stores are paying double that and stores that work from the supply chain are paying 150, you know, like, so you guys are getting. It's a, we like it.

9:02 - Scott Laviano
So Kevin, actually Kevin, those totes, that size is the ones that Tampa had. And we used to pay $5 a tote and we would get 25 on a pallet is what we used to pay when we opened.

9:15 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah.

9:16 - Scott Laviano
So think about that. But yeah, you guys, that's a great price.

9:18 - Scott Laviano
Holy crap.

9:19 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. That's what I'm saying. And you'll also work with the Goodwill directly. So if there's ever any issues, like you'll have a direct contact with them. Um, if there's ever any issues with something, you can just reach out to them and be like, Hey, this load, this was in this, you know, like, could we clean this up or something? Like I was going to set up a meeting so that when Scott was there for the opening, um, You guys could meet with them on sites that way you guys have like an ongoing relationship.



9:44 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I think that would be great. Yeah, so that way we can, you know, connect with them. Everything sounds good. That is what I wanted to connect with because I know with the emails, it was like back and forth. It's just one question and I'm sending one email for you. So I just wanted to connect with you on that. So what I will do is I will connect on that vendor itself and see if they have anything which will work out for us.

 If not, yes, we will go with that. The other thing is like let's say we say yes, do I have to tell you guys and they will place the order? Yep.

10:20 - Kevin Macmaster
So I think what they're going to do is if we once I give them the go ahead, they're going to place the order and pay for it and then just send us an invoice for it and then we'll just pay for that invoice. So that's what the plan was. So I told them I would let them know before the end of the day.

10:37 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Like right now, like in within 15 minutes, I will try to see if I get hold of anyone and I'll just send you an email today.

10:45 - Kevin Macmaster
Okay. Okay. Yeah.

10:46 - Scott Laviano
And then I was, I was going to say when you're, when you're talking to them, Divya, try to find out what the turnaround time is for that, for like goodwill to get them. Cause that'll give you an idea on when the goodwill is going to get them, then goodwill is going to like, what, a week, Kevin?

11:04 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, it might take, I mean, I'm assuming, yeah, I mean, it's a new process for them, so they aren't really sure either, but that's what they're assuming at this point, yeah. So that's why I want to make sure we, that's the other thing too, is like, I want to make sure we move on it as quick as we can because I don't want it to hinder, you know.

11:24 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Yes, our opening date because of that. No, I'll just put right now and I'll send you an email as well.

11:30 - Kevin Macmaster
okay yeah I will um and I mean like you know we could send you stuff from outside of Everett like the first load or two just so you can open without having to wait on them but that's even still that's gonna also be expensive so it's you know yes I mean you can do it but it's it's not ideal and these guys will also be able to get you electronics too so it's not even like you're gonna have to deal with like yeah yeah so they'll they'll do both which honestly it's sweet deal um the pallets of electronics are 50 bucks and the glass is 30 and yeah yeah I dude I am good at negotiating things scott for us we don't know like how much a pallet costs so this is all new so whatever you guys say we take that right because we don't know how much and whatever uh you know they are doing here or in another state so if you say it's a good price yeah Oh, it's very good.

 I can give you a comparison. Anyone else in the system, if they go through the supply chain, it's $250 a pallet. So that's why working with someone locally is so much more advantageous, especially Goodwill, because they just want to get rid of the stuff and not deal with it. So yeah, pallet is a very good price. And then same with But that $30 for the glassware, I mean, that's also good. It was going to be higher, but honestly, now that they're not using the Gaylords, it's actually even cheaper.

 Because before, they were going to bake the cost of the Gaylord boxes and the pallets into that cost, so it would have ended up being But now that we're getting rid of that, you're saving $20 from every single pallet of every single load, which is $200 in every load you pick up. In the long run, it seems like a lot of money. Obviously, it is a lot of money to shell out up front, but it will pay for itself within six months.

 I wouldn't recommend spending this much unless it really did make sense for you financially.

13:38 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
If it was not worth it.

13:39 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. It makes perfect sense. However, I do agree the shipping is high, so I would definitely still reach out to them to see if you can cheaper.

13:50 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
And the turnaround time, like Scott said, I'll just ask them right now as soon as I'm done with this call and see if I can get hold of them. And I'll email you guys so you can see. And if not, we'll just go ahead with the order. So we're not waiting for any more.

14:05 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah, that's fair. Yeah, just let me know. I don't want to make you feel pressured like you don't have other options. Like if you want to take some time and look into it, that's up to you. I just want to make sure you have all the information so that you can make the decision you want to make.

14:18 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
We don't want any time. We just want it to be opening up and running.

14:22 - Kevin Macmaster
I hear you. I figured that was the case, but I just didn't want you to think I was pushing you towards it. I don't want any more time. Yeah, that's fair. At least you have a solid partner to work with here. And honestly, these people are amazing.

14:35 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
And I do appreciate whether you or Scott, whether it's message, email, phone calls, he's always on top of it. And this is his favorite state. We all know that. Right.

14:47 - Kevin Macmaster
Yes. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. It just, it was, it was very, uh, nice that I happened to get ahold of these guys. Cause sometimes I have a hard time getting ahold of Goodwills, but like, I got ahold of these guys. I had one or two meetings with them and they're like, yeah, let's do it. It sounds good. And they've been great to work with. So I think that there'll be a great partner, honestly. Um, so I think as far as all the Goodwills I talked to, I think these guys will be one of the easier ones to work with from what I can tell.



15:14 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Um, No, thanks, Kevin. I appreciate it. And thank you, Scott, as always.

15:20 - Scott Laviano
You guys are totally welcome.

15:22 - Kevin Macmaster
Yeah. And if you have any questions after you reach out to the vendor, let me know. Happy to, you know, provide my insight wherever you need it.

15:31 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I will email it to you. Cool.

15:33 - Kevin Macmaster
Sounds good. All right. Have a great one. Yeah. Tomorrow, Scott.

15:38 - Conference Room (Divya M) - Speaker 1
Yeah, that's right. Bye guys.