Everett weekly calls
Fri, Aug 28, 2026

0:09 - Kellie Shortino
Oh, hello.

0:11 - Scott Laviano
Well, hello. Oh, where did Bharath go? He was just. Oh, that must be him. There I knew I just let That's why I'm like, what is going on? It takes so long. Oh, all right, guys. And here's Divya. That'll take her another five minutes to get in. Yay! I don't know if Ronald's getting on or not. I haven't actually talked to him this week, which is kind of crazy. But do you want to go over anything with Kellie?

 Is there anything that Kellie needs?

0:59 - Kellie Shortino
I don't need anything from you guys. Like everything is done really on your end. Just here if you have any questions, need help. Let me know.

1:10 - Divya M
I don't think I have anything either, Kellie.

1:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:14 - Scott Laviano
That's what I figured. Great. Now it's my turn. It's still my turn. All right. So as for totes, Kevin's actually off this weekend, but I did speak with him today. And he does not have any update from Goodwill as of yet on shipping. So that's the first thing. The second thing is, I need to make sure that you guys know that the 19th of September, right, I will not be able to go out there no matter what.

 So the 19th is basically locked under Winter Park. They've already finished everything. So. I just wanted to put that. Oh, that might be wrong. Yeah, that's wrong. So I just wanted to make sure that that date was out in the open. Now, that doesn't mean that you can't, that doesn't mean you can't open on the 19th, right? Alex is still available. Alex can still go wherever, you know, whoever gets it done first.

 To put that out. And then I did just get a quote. If the totes are taking too long and you guys make a decision that you actually want to not wait and you want to get the stuff shipped in, I did just get a quote a few minutes ago, and because it has to come from Salt Lake City, Utah, which is. Crazy. Utah is closer to you than California. But it would be 25 times out. It would be $2,000 out of pocket, which would include the freight and the pallets as well.

 The freight alone is $2,200. Wow. That is crazy. But so we just wanted to make sure you guys have all your options.

3:31 - Scott Laviano
That's all.

3:32 - Divya M
Yeah, but we've already made the payment for Goodwill.

3:35 - Scott Laviano
Well, you're going to have to. Well, no matter what, you're going to have to get those totes in from Goodwill. This is only if, you know, and I'm not, I don't want to put this out in the world because it's not going to happen. But let's say the totes end up on back order for three weeks, right? And now you're talking because of that, you guys would be delayed till the end of October or something like November.

 That's where we're saying we can ship stuff in, but it's going to cost that's how much it's cost rather than you guys getting it from Goodwill closer, which a lot cheaper.

4:15 - Bharath Mysore
So, Scott, saying that we are going to be placing an order from other? Sorry, I didn't follow.

4:22 - Scott Laviano
Okay, nope, nope, nope.

4:23 - Scott Laviano
That's not what I'm saying. Your Goodwill, we are waiting for your totes to come in from Goodwill, correct? We do not know when they're coming in. We have not gotten any information from them yet. So it's kind of up in the air.

4:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

4:39 - Scott Laviano
If you guys wanted, right? Let's say those totes are on back order, like I said, right? And they're not going to be in till later. We can ship you in stuff. The only thing is, we would have to ship it from Utah, and that's where that price would come from So it's not a you need to do it, you're not going to get stuff from Utah, it's not a normal thing. It is only for this very first delivery if you guys wanted to take the delivery now, is what it is.

 Does that make more sense?

5:15 - Divya M
Yeah, I got that. But do you know like if Goodwill is going to tell us like when?

5:24 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, we're yeah, I mean, we're I mean, Kevin's trying to get all find out from him. As soon as they know when it's going to be shipped, then we'll know. But as of right now, we don't have that date at all. Okay, when are we checking with them again to know when we'll have a we checked this morning, and I'm sure Kevin will check again on Tuesday when he gets back, you know. And then he's including me on one of the emails, so that way if they do come back and respond, I'll actually know as well.



6:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

6:05 - Scott Laviano
So, I mean, the plan is to get you everything from Goodwill. I'm just. You know, I want to make sure you have all your options and you know what's going on in order for you guys to open on time. But let's go because Ronald just got on. So let's, what do we got for Mr. Ronald? Welcome. Hello, sir.

6:24 - Scott Laviano
Hello, Scott.

6:26 - Scott Laviano
I haven't talked to you this week. Kind of crazy.

6:28 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, I know, I know. But it looks like we're closing out. So I talked to Bharath. This morning, which we've been touching base every day for the last couple weeks. So told him we are closed out on every single MEP final inspection. So Electric, Plumbing, HVAC, all finaled out. They partially finaled out the fire alarm yesterday. This is the first time I ever heard this. So I did learn something. The inspector made them disconnect the power from the fire alarm.

 And it had us run on battery for 24 hours. So that is scheduled to be today at some point. So when that passes, we're allowed to do our building final. So, what we did was we did have Cody call down there, and they allowed us to schedule even though it is not passed because it's partially passed. They gave him a partial for the until the battery backup kicks on. So, as long as it passes. Then we are scheduled for Tuesday.

 We tried to do Wednesday, but when we called today, there was not enough time and Monday was booked. So the building final is on Tuesday. Now we are going to try to call down because Bharath asked if we could do Monday. I'll personally call down and say, hey, if there's a closure or if somebody like cancels, could they squeeze us in for Monday? I can't promise that, but I will try.

7:57 - Unidentified Speaker
So the first is scheduled. Yes.

7:59 - Ronald Tobiasz
So we are right now scheduled for Tuesday. And I don't think the fire alarm will fail. It passed as long as the battery held up from when they come back today, they should be good. So there shouldn't be anything stopping that from happening for that inspection. Good thing is the fire marshal didn't say anything about the egress, just like I thought. So we should pass through that relatively clean.

 There is some small like owner stuff left to do. We have to do the rubber floor. And I did tell Bharath on that. We were, you know, crunching to get everything done. So I said, do everything that required inspection and then do the flooring. So we are going to do the rubber mats on Monday. And then there's some small owner stuff. Like we got to do some transition strips for where some of the floors change.

 All the cove base is done. All the tile are in. They're painted. There's some owner items left to do. I'm waiting on the list to see how much. I don't know if it's like hanging the TVs or not, but we're going to do that. And then I know that we have to do the tool formation, which Brost asked me this morning. Scott, if you can give me a location, I tried to find the brand book. I can't log in, and I know you might have sent it to me.

 But if you can tell me where that goes, we'll do that Monday too.

9:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

9:20 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, I know there was Diviett sent me a video quickly and I noticed that there were like TVs and stuff.

9:27 - Ronald Tobiasz
So we got to just hang the TVs. I mean, that stuff's small, but I want to do that so he can start putting his mini PCs up and stuff. So we'll probably do that on Monday.

9:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

9:44 - Ronald Tobiasz
Other than that, we got to schedule a final clean. I'll talk to Bharath offline unless he knows. I'd like to, I don't like to do it right after we're done because obviously you guys are go in and set up. So then you would mess up and have to do your own final clean. We will do a construction clean. We'll be clean enough for you to set up. They'll wipe everything down, but we can talk offline on when you want your final white glove clean.

 It seems to work best with other franchisees, like two or three days before opening, just so it's the cleanest for the opening. Um, if you want it done sooner, just let me know. But um, totally your call. I would recommend waiting until you're set up before we do it. But again, totally up to you.

10:26 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, thanks, Robin.

10:28 - Ronald Tobiasz
And then, um, I guess we'll also be around. Scott will show up. And he'll have his own plunge list. He always finds stuff that either my guys or even you guys won't see. So we'll be ready to do any kind of minor plunge list stuff that he sees after his visit a couple days before you open. And yeah, that's that's my spiel.

10:51 - Scott Laviano
Cool. So on the drawing, I had the choose your weapon. In between the two small gear room doors, but you really can't see it from the lobby. Um, so we may have to actually, where I'm thinking is in broth and divier, you guys can think about this when you go there, but you have your event room door. Right? And then there's a wall for that new for your new concept area, the floor frenzy that you're going to do.

 If you actually put it right there on that corner, you would be able to see it from the, almost be even with your cash wrap, where you would stand. That area might work as well. But you guys can. You guys, when you're in the store, you can look at that and see if there's a different one. But that's where, that's probably the next spot, unless you can find something over in that lobby area where you're sitting.

 Okay.

12:07 - Bharath Mysore
So, in the lobby area on one side along the party hall, there is a there is a graffiti art, and then the one, the regular one, behind the Behind the cache for app, people will be moving around on the other side on the other wall. That's where I believe we are going to put up some chairs and all.

12:31 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, and it goes very high. It's way it's at the ceiling height, is what it is. So, like in where was I? I was just in a winter park. Like in Winter Park, we are put it. They almost have the exact same. You where, if you look at your drawings, you know, that little jet out section that you have in your lobby where you're kind of like your cash wrap is be? They're putting theirs actually right there, all the way at the top on that side wall.

 So that might be a spot that you might be able to utilize as well.

13:09 - Bharath Mysore
well, okay, all right. Uh, the TVs are not out there yet, so I don't know where exactly that how much space is that going to be occupying. So, once the TVs are out, right?

13:25 - Scott Laviano
So, it would I would, yeah, and I would put it not on behind, not on the gear room wall, put it on the exterior wall.

13:33 - Bharath Mysore
But there is also another TV over there, right?

13:38 - Scott Laviano
you know what? I gotta go to a different I gotta go to a different page to look at that. Where are your TVs? TVs, TVs, TVs. Where is it that your paint, your paint? Your paint, your black lights, uh, TV mounts. We're not doing our tablet mounts, we're not doing your cash wrap is there. Uh, oh, I gotta a total other page.

14:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, hold on.

14:33 - Scott Laviano
I got a total other page. It's not even on the same page. Oh, wait. Are you putting? Where is your lobby TV going then? I thought when I looked at the video, your lobby TV was actually on the wall of your event room. No. It's not. It's going on that side wall there. Oh, then you could. Yeah, depending on where that lobby TV is, you could either do it to the left of that TV if you've got nothing on there.

 So, as soon as you walk in, if you look to the left, it's there. Um, that's perfectly fine. It could also go, depending if you have a mural or something going on your event room wall as well, it could go there as well.

15:25 - Bharath Mysore
Okay, there is a there is Ice Mash graffiti on the event room wall.

15:31 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, yeah, it depends on how tall it is. But that's why when you guys are there, kind of take a look at it. You're be there before Monday. Okay.

15:42 - Bharath Mysore
How big is that going to be?

15:46 - Scott Laviano
It's on your V two thing and it is.

15:52 - Ronald Tobiasz
It's really just like the total width of an it's the width of a sledgehammer. Yeah, a little bit baseball bat.

15:59 - Scott Laviano
It's like kind of a little bit bigger than that. A little bit bigger than your sledgehammer and a little bit taller than your baseball bat.

16:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

16:09 - Scott Laviano
At an angle is really what it is. So cool. What else do you guys have for Ronald?

16:22 - Ronald Tobiasz
Oh, about the sink thing, Ronald mentioned that he's gonna they're gonna change the sink and put the two sink with two faucets, one that is we we I don't know what happened, but the drawing show a two bay, I think, with two faucets, and they got a three bay sink, which is bigger and it's stainless steel. It's a lot nicer with sink, but only has one faucet. So he'd rather go back down to the two bay with the dual faucet.

 So that's a home, that's a Home Depot item and not a big deal. I just told him, let's just do it after the inspection. We're so close and we'll handle it before you open.

17:01 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, that's nice. Perfect. Yeah.

17:04 - Ronald Tobiasz
Because I even thought about I like the three bay and it's stainless steel, maybe getting just the faucet with like the attachment handle. But then again, you want multiple people to wash up at the same time. So I get the reasoning.

17:16 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, so the only other way would be to cut, would be to put holes in the stainless steel and install a faucet, another faucet in that, really.

17:25 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, and I think that's probably going to cost more. That's possible. Yeah. Yeah. I think, yeah, that's possible. Cutting the, yeah, that's possible.

17:34 - Scott Laviano
I mean, just cut, yeah, you just cut the hole for the faucet and now you have it there. So right. And you probably could have three faucets if you got, if it's three bays. Yeah.

17:44 - Bharath Mysore
You know, very small base.

17:49 - Ronald Tobiasz
It's like a three-bay sink, though, right? Yeah.

17:52 - Bharath Mysore
Yeah, but it a very small one. Like two people can't stand there and then clean it.

17:59 - Ronald Tobiasz
Okay. It's that small.

18:01 - Bharath Mysore
Yes. It's like probably maybe like not more than one feet for each each bay.

18:11 - Ronald Tobiasz
All right, let me look at the photos and then if it's better to get the normal, we just get the two bag just like normal.

18:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. Perfect.

18:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

18:23 - Ronald Tobiasz
And then we still own a couple cabinets, but we're going to do that after. That was a pressing thing going forward. We threw some out, so we'll throw them in after.

18:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

18:33 - Scott Laviano
So you're saying the first.

18:35 - Ronald Tobiasz
That's what we're saying. There's nothing. There's not nothing. Like usually I could foresee it and not like you know me. I start not giving dates because we tell to them we're scheduled and the first is the first. Now, I did tell them I don't know how long it takes to get the actual copy of the CO, but will be finaled out on Tuesday with approval. And then you obviously can start setting up and doing promotions.

 It may take two or three days to actually get the CO, but Scott, you know that everyone's different. So I get them same day sometimes. Sometimes it's a couple days after. Yep.

19:09 - Scott Laviano
But you'll have all owner furnace stuff already done and ready to go. Can they actually go in and start putting their face shields on their cabinets?

19:23 - Ronald Tobiasz
The team out there, Cody and them, they say that no, because Bharath asked. I think it's okay because I've done it in every other location. Maybe out there is a little different, but Cody responded to Bharath today and said negative, wait until after the final. If he's saying that, I believe him because it has nothing to do with, you know, it wouldn't affect him either way. So if he's saying that, I would believe him and I probably wouldn't set up.

 I know it's probably not what he wants to hear, but you could always go for it. I don't know what the inspector would say, but that would be totally up to you. I've done it in every location that I've built, like Phoenixville, wherever. And I didn't have an issue, but maybe it's that's how they do it out there. I'm not sure.

20:12 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, I just wasn't sure if it may be because of egress or something, yeah.

20:16 - Ronald Tobiasz
But I mean, we passed the egress, they that was the um the fire. So, I mean, maybe putting some stuff together. I don't know what you're, you know, where you're at with building shelves. Or, I mean, I would say, yeah, you could do some of that stuff. But if they don't want, you know, face shields or anything out, I would, because it does that does make it look like you're getting ready for business.

 That could be a reason. But I would do some of the bulk stuff, okay? For sure, you know what I mean?

20:40 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, I got you, yeah, okay, yeah, because that's what I was hoping is they could get a jump start on that, which means they could, you know, hopefully get everything ready to go. Cool, yeah, all right. Well, no, that's good news, guys. That is good news. A couple more days, right?

20:56 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yep, finally. So we do have a guy out there that lives out there that I'll help him do like a final punch. Rob was out there, gave me a list last week. I think it was last week. And then we'll send somebody else back, you in a week or so when everything's set up to do a punch walk before you get there, Scott. Okay. I'll coordinate with Roth.

21:19 - Scott Laviano
Awesome. We appreciate it. Awesome.

21:23 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

21:24 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, that's it for you, him, right?

21:26 - Ronald Tobiasz
yeah oh uh just one last thing for the windshields uh for that to be built yes so we did I did talk to broth about that we've never built one before um he did ask if I could ask cody for measurements he may try to do it himself um I say let's get the final and then we can talk about it I mean every change order that that they gave us was extremely high And that's why you guys went elsewhere for like the railing and stuff.

 So I'll get a, I'll get a number. I don't think we have measurements or anything. I do think I've seen a photo of somebody before that had one. So if I can get a little more information on what to build or what you're looking for, all I think I've seen was a photo. And I can't remember where it came from

22:16 - Scott Laviano
I'll get you. I have something. Okay. Find it. But in really, it's just a palette at the bottom. And then for it's cut into four sections as you build it upward. Okay. You know?

22:33 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, just resend the photo and then we can.

22:35 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, I'll send it to you. Cause right, there really isn't measurements for, like, it doesn't have to be exactly. Yeah, you know how people feed from the side, yeah.

22:42 - Ronald Tobiasz
But like anybody but me and you, they go, but we just figure it out. Everybody else is like, Well, what do you, what's how high is this?

22:48 - Scott Laviano
I know, I know, I just went through that, so okay, cool. I'll get, I'll get, I'll get that to everybody.

22:55 - Ronald Tobiasz
Yeah, I'll give me a picture, I'll make my own drawing and send it out. I'll make my own measurements and then Here you go, build it like this. So, okay, that'll work.

23:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Awesome, cool.

23:06 - Scott Laviano
All right. Well, you have a great weekend, sir. Will do. Thank you, sir. All right. So, construction, good. Yay. Tuesday. So now it's really just waiting on goodwill. Right. And then you guys setting up the actual rooms. So, yeah, go ahead.

23:38 - Bharath Mysore
About that goodwill thing. So, what else can we do? Like, if we go with the other vendor that you said, where we pay $2,000 out of pocket, when is there a guarantee that it's start coming in from September 11th, at least by then?

23:59 - Scott Laviano
Oh, I can almost say. If we told Anthony to send that stuff to you, he could have that to you next week sometime very easily. I think that's very easy. The problem now, which is great, but the problem now is you're not going to be able to really do a video in order for you to open on the 12th if he's not getting everything done to the first. And then you have to set up the store. It's going to take you two to three days to set up the store.

 So now you're talking still the fourth, which is late.

24:38 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. If we have set up the store, why do we have to wait for so long?

24:46 - Scott Laviano
So the way that it's all the 19th would work. Yeah. I mean, and that's what I'm saying. We can, nobody, the only people that have locked in the 19th is Winter Park. And that's it. So, as soon as you get the video done and everything, you can easily lock that date in without a problem. And then to answer Bharath's, it's you, we need 10 days really for marketing. It's those 10 days that you are going and making sure that you're bringing people into the store and people know that you're opening.

 This is that time for you to do all of that. The other reason why we require it is because, in operations, to make sure the store is set so when we get there, it's not a disaster. And unfortunately, we have had a few in the past where we didn't do that. And when we got to the building, it was a disaster, and it took us way too long to. We, between myself and Alex, we had to go nuts and actually almost.

 Get everything ready for the stores. So that is one of the reasons why, as well. Okay.

26:00 - Bharath Mysore
So, this, once we send the video out, what did you mention that we can take the people in? What does that mean?

26:09 - Scott Laviano
So, what will end up happening is you're going to do your pre-opening checklist, right? You're going to video call with all of us. We're everything off and we're going to say, Yep, you are good to go. As soon as we say you are good to go, you're the next day, let's say, not right away because we need a little bit of time, but pretty much the next day, roller gets released so that way people can start booking.

 The website gets changed over to the 50% off grand opening, and then marketing does their wonderful stuff that they do to promote that, hey, we're opening on this date.

26:51 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. I see. And then while we are doing this, what about the totes from Goodwill?

27:05 - Scott Laviano
What do you mean, what about the totes from Goodwill?

27:07 - Bharath Mysore
Like, are we sure to get it by then?

27:10 - Scott Laviano
So let's go back to the beginning of the call. We do not know when Goodwill is getting the totes in. They've ordered them. Kevin called today to find out, and Kevin's off this weekend. So he actually did that as a kind of a favor when I asked. But he called today. They have not heard anything today about when they're going to be delivered. He is including me on an email with them. So that way, if they do respond, I will know exactly when the totes are in.

 And then he'll follow up again on Tuesday. But even you guys couldn't get a hold of the manufacturer, you know? So, I mean, you could always call and say, Hey, do you know when these totes are going to be released to the Goodwill for our store?

27:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

27:58 - Scott Laviano
I just don't know if you can get a hold of them. But yeah, that's where we're at right now, is waiting on that.

28:07 - Divya M
Okay, we'll wait till Tuesday to hear back. And if not, I think we'll decide and let you know, Oscar.

28:14 - Scott Laviano
And that's what I think is the best. Let's, you know, let's see if we can get any more information from Goodwood from them. Like I said, and I'll get more information from Anthony, but I believe he can get you that stuff instantly. Like we could pretty much say, hey, ship 12 pallets to Everett and you'll have. Have it in two or three days, right? Don't quote me on that. However, I believe because the Goodwill is already set up, the Goodwill, I believe, already has the Gaylords ready to go.

 Like they have everything. We just need a truck to go and bring them to you. So that's why I'm saying, right, let's wait till see if we can find out from them. I mean, I would think, and I'll get a better answer, but I would. You know, your deadline to actually pull the trigger on getting them shipped in is probably if you're looking at the 19th, is probably like, you know, the 9th or the 10th. We have like a week and a half, probably, to get it.

 So we're okay in that part of it.

29:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

29:18 - Divya M
Yeah. Let's wait for our next week and we'll just make a call then. Yeah, perfect.

29:24 - Scott Laviano
Perfect. Yeah, we can talk about it on the actually, where am I next week on the fourth? I'm actually going to be at a grand opening, except I am in Texas, which is two hours behind, which means it'll be what 1:12:30 there. Okay, we will, I we can still do our call without a problem. Um, okay, what questions do you have for me, if anything?

29:53 - Divya M
Uh, I think that is a Okay, good.

29:58 - Scott Laviano
I mean, I know you're good on windshields, you're good on bottles. Oh, hiring. So that's what you're want to start. Make sure that you are now starting to do interviews if you haven't already.

30:12 - Divya M
Yeah, I kind of passed after the first round. I'm like, you know, I think I brought this up last time as well. I have people in the loop. I just need to confirm and to get started.

30:27 - Scott Laviano
Yeah, and that's what I would do. Now would be the time to bring them in for that second interview or whatever. Even if it's just another call to keep them, you know, hooked in. Um, but I honestly don't see any reason. I mean, I have to double-check, but I don't see any reason as soon as long as you get your video done first, and I can't stress this enough. You basically, the day you get your CO on that Tuesday, as soon as that person leaves, you need to have your gear rooms, like your cap, your face shields, cabinet or shelving already built with your face shields on it, your gloves on that, you know, and you want to get that video done before the 8th, is what I'm going to say.

 Say. And I'm only saying that because I do know that there is one other store that is almost in the same boat as you, where they're fighting with their landlord. So they may be delayed even further. But if they get their temporary CO, they're going to try to become on the 19th as well. So, okay. Okay. I just, I want to make sure. Right. I want to make sure everybody knows. But so, yeah, so I would just start giving them a call, you know, talking to the talking to those people.

 And then you can tell them that, you know, if the 19th is your date, then they will start on the 16th. They'll come in on the 16th. Yep, on that Wednesday. We will do training with them on Wednesday. They'll come back on Thursday. We will do more training, and what they're do is they're going to make all your paint, they're going to make all your glass totes, they're going to make all your powder bombs and your confetti bombs.

 Friday is friends and family, which you're going to want, 30 to 50 people or so there. It doesn't have to be that many, but that's when your employees are getting trained on cleaning the rooms, bringing people into the gear rooms. We had a grand opening a little while ago that they only had two people smash on friends and family. And it actually hurt us on Saturday because the employees were like, oh my God, I'm exhausted.

 And yeah, it's because we didn't do anything yesterday. So they weren't used to it, and they really didn't get the practice.

33:01 - Divya M
Okay.

33:02 - Scott Laviano
Yeah. And then Saturday grand opening, Sunday is, we'll be there all day Sunday. And then we leave Monday. So we're there either, you know, if it's me or Alex, no matter what, we will be there all day Saturday and all day Sunday, whether you have bookings, however many bookings you have, to answer any questions and to keep training. Okay.

33:29 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. Scott, can you do a couple of things? The mirror. Can you send me send a link to the mirror that we're supposed to install?

33:40 - Scott Laviano
The mirror for the mirror for the paint cleanup area? Yes.

33:50 - Divya M
Yes.

33:52 - Scott Laviano
Okay. Yeah, the link doesn't work on the drive for it. It's only a Home Depot. Yeah, it's just a Home Depot mirror. It's again, you get it at Home Depot, and it's um it just has to fit above your shell, above your sink. So I'll see if I can find it. But be, and actually, I just closed my support portal for some reason. So it would be in the support portal.

34:22 - Bharath Mysore
Okay. And and can we have access to one of the videos that was sent to you guys because we wanted to just watch that and see what needs to be done and then we can uh we can do the same thing it's just for our reference because I know last time you showed us you walked us around the store but uh it's in in case if you forget anything that video would help us remind what needs to be done I got you Yeah, let me find, let me find one of my good videos that I have when we were finding that because a lot of times the other thing is when I take sometimes when I take the video, it's for you know, Kellie and Stephen and them.



35:01 - Scott Laviano
So it's not actual grand opening day, which means I still have signage I haven't done or or there's little things that I haven't done yet. But yeah, I will send that to you. Not a problem. I'll find one. Okay. What else are you thinking?

35:24 - Bharath Mysore
That's it for now.

35:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

35:28 - Scott Laviano
Cool. Yeah. And I mean, the other thing: if you're part of the chamber or anything, start, this is the time that you start visiting the chambers and going out. And trying to talk to them, utilize this time for we are very, very, very close. You know, can't tell you the exact date, but we are very, very, very close. And you can even bring people into tours. You know, if people want to come in and see what it's like, you can do that as well without a problem.

 Okay. All right. Yeah. Cool. All right. Well, appreciate you guys. And as soon as I find out something from Goodwill, you guys will be the first ones that I tell. Okay, thanks, Scott.

36:13 - Kellie Shortino
All right. We'll talk to you guys later. Bye. Bye.